'Through thick and thin': Bankrupt Boris Becker defiantly SLAMS reports he's split from model wife Lilly as he wishes her happy birthday in heartfelt tweet
Charlotte Church mourns the loss of her unborn third child... one month after announcing shock pregnancy with partner Jonny Powell
Golden girl! Gigi Hadid looks stunning in a metallic ensemble after stepping out in three stylish outfits in New York
It's Gil-lean Anderson! Braless X-Files actress, 48, shows off her perky chest and enviably taut stomach as she peers over her balcony in Portofino
PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Date night! Cougar Kate Beckinsale, 43, can't keep her paws off toyboy Matt Rife (who's just two years older than her teen daughter)
'I've sent someone to kill you. They're outside': Threatening phone calls from Diana in the middle of the night and how Charles's TV confession about their affair led to Camilla becoming Britain's most hated woman
Move over Cannes! The new travel hot spots celebrities are flocking to
Demi Moore flashes her 'fake' pearly whites at movie premiere.... after revealing she lost front teeth due to stress
Topless Kate Nash is like you've never seen her before as she strips off for mainstream acting debut in new Netflix series GLOW
Rita Ora teases at her ample cleavage in slinky red blouse as she enjoys romantic dinner date with on-off boyfriend Andrew Watts in London
Pregnant Katie Piper cradles her baby bump in a loose-fitting olive dress... as she jokes about going up three dress sizes after revealing she's expecting
Make-up free Suki Waterhouse can't escape her Glastonbury fever as she uses an umbrella on a dry day in NYC
Legs for days! Hailey Baldwin stuns in barely-there cut-out  mini dress and towering  heels at NBA Awards
Love Island's couples get saucy as Chris feeds Olivia 'his sausage' and Jonny gets EXTREMELY hands-on with Camilla in messy food fight challenge
EXCLUSIVE: 'She said she was falling in love': Love Island evictees Sam and Chloe claim Jess and Dom's romance IS real... and Amber's immaturity makes her look like she is being fake
'Karma's a b***h!' Bitter TOWIE star Jon Clark celebrates as ex-girlfriend Chloe Crowhurst is booted off Love Island... after she ran away to find romance
Kate Wright flaunts eye-popping cleavage as she poses in plunging cutaway swimsuit... as 'boyfriend Rio Ferdinand is spotted leaving her Essex home again'
Kim Kardashian is 'mom-shamed' after posting pic of Saint West, 18 months, in forward-facing car seat
Golden goddess! Jada Pinkett Smith reveals svelte physique as she dazzles in sheer metallic gown on the NBA Awards red carpet
'They call me a geriatric mum': Cat Deeley, 40, says she's desperate for more babies with husband Patrick Kielty, 46, despite 'triple health risk'
Big Brother viewers up in arms as Chanelle McCleary misses out on final warning and Ellie Young avoids being reprimanded for their part in explosive row which saw Lotan Carter REMOVED
Is this the end for Jamilla? Love Island's Jonny vents his frustration at a 'stand still' with Camilla... after worrying about the couple 'drifting'
PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kim's booty kamp! Star sweats her way through gruelling work out after THOSE unflattering bikini pictures inspired fitness overhaul
Khloe Kardashian sparks baby rumours by posting 'dad and mom' snap with Tristan Thompson
No wonder he needs sunglasses! Hilaria Baldwin is blindingly gorgeous in leather LBD as husband Alec wears cool shades to Blind premiere
Things aren't so Dyer, after all! Danny keeps his wedding ring firmly on... as he's pictured for the first time since wife Joanne Mas was 'left humiliated' by alleged affair with Sarah Harding
'I don't want to be the skinniest girl': Jacqueline Jossa refused to slim down for hen party... as hubby Dan Osborne FELL ASLEEP on his stag
Sex, drugs, treason ... how did they hush up this royal scandal? CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV 
Giddy Geri Horner is supported by husband Christian at Chiltern Firehouse... following emotional One Show debut of George Michael tribute
'Did Dave just kill Dot?' EastEnders veteran Branning has a catastrophe in the kitchen as she trips over her pet feline... and soap fans fear she's dead
Is Ronaldo's girlfriend expecting? Portuguese newspaper claims Georgina Rodríguez 'is five months pregnant with his child'... amid twins surrogate claims
His number one fan! Ed Sheeran catches a ride to London in a helicopter with girlfriend Cherry Seaborn... as he defends his one-man Glastonbury set
Love Island's Jess Shears bares her pert derriere in nothing but a VERY skimpy thong... 'after Mike Thalassitis heads back to her hotel following wild night out'
Kardashians in love! Khloe plants a kiss on Tristan while Kim smooches Kanye at birthday bash for the Good American designer
Haute what you were expecting! Soon-to-be retired Daniel Day-Lewis, 60, set to go out with a bang as 'he turns dressmaker in final Hollywood role'
Their SECOND wedding! Gossip Girl star Penn Badgley ties the knot again with Domino Kirke as Debra Messing and Mariska Hargitay look on
Bell (bottoms) of the ball! Hilary Duff struts her stuff in body-hugging flared trousers while shooting the season finale of Younger
'We'd love to start a family': Olympian Max Whitlock and fiancée Leah Hickton say they are ready for children ahead of 10 year anniversary
'Where have her boobs gone?' Holly Willoughby shocks fans as she continues to display her slender frame in Instagram snap
'I've said to my agent: "How can I be involved in it?"': Lily Collins reveals hopes to land role in Downton Abbey film adaptation... as she confesses to still feeling 'English at heart'
Sofia Richie shows off designer duds while texting on her phone as she grabs lunch in Beverly Hills
Keeping J-Lo on time! Jennifer Lopez's beau Alex Rodriguez points to his watch during shopping spree as she looks sensational in low-cut dress
Family in the fast lane! Rebecca Judd looks cosy in a puffer jacket as she takes her children Oscar, five, and Billie, three, for a ride on their matching scooters
PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Gwyneth Paltrow shows off her trim physique in skimpy black halter-neck bikini for a splash around in the waves with her children
Hitting the right notes! Sam Smith accentuates his trim physique in all black ensemble as he strolls out of NYC hotel
Did you get that off Ena Sharples, Zara? Queen's granddaughter looks like Corrie legend as she shows off hairnet at a show-jumping event 
Oh hey there! Hailey Baldwin gets cosy with a male friend as he throws an arm around her shoulders at party
Enraged Amber gets jealous as ex-flame Kem flirts with new girl Tyla on Love Island... while the villa is rocked by a shock double dumping
Angelina Jolie tells starstruck schoolchildren to 'fight for universal human rights'... as they lend support to Grenfell Tower survivors
Make-up free Eva Longoria steps out in casual workout attire after posting sizzling bathing suit snap to Instagram
Chrissy Teigen, Donald Trump and the man behind Pepe the Frog top list of the 25 most influential people on the internet
Bikini babe Lucy Mecklenburgh displays her impressively toned stomach in skimpy striped swimwear as she shares further 
Pregnant Ferne McCann showcases her blossoming bump in darling monochrome ensemble while indulging in a spot of retail therapy in Liverpool
'I have no words': Twitter erupts over a joke that Barry Gibb performed Steps and Take That covers at Glastonbury... when HE wrote them
Beautiful plumage! Naomi Campbell wears eye-catching mini dress with black ostrich feather hem and collar at NBA Awards in NYC
'Nothing will beat this love': Bella Hadid embraces her cancer-stricken grandmother during surprise visit to Holland for her birthday
Beyoncé's baby love nest: This is the 10-bedroom, $400K a month Malibu hideaway where star, husband Jay Z and five-year-old Blue Ivy are bonding
Impress Me Much! Ashley Graham busts out of an animal print bra as she performs Shania Twain's iconic hit
Alessandra Ambrosio flaunts her trademark honed pins in thigh-grazing leather mini skirt while appearing on Spanish TV show
'I'm not into the whole six-pack thing': Shayne Ward sports a relaxed look after admitting he is no longer focused on the gym... as he turns his attentions to fatherhood
My billion dollar babe! Cindy Crawford celebrates with husband Rande Gerber after his tequila company sells for a huge price
Box office gold! Ben Affleck is gearing up to reprise his role as a genius financial guru with high functioning autism in The Accountant sequel
Busty Coleen Rooney flashes her sideboob as well as painful sunburn in sexy swimsuit... while Wayne attempts to cover up his unfortunate T-shirt marks in Ibiza
That's one pricey nest! Matthew Perry lists mansion in Hollywood's exclusive Bird Streets for $13.5million
Claire Danes and Octavia Spencer have fun on set as they film A Kid Like Jake in New York
'Dad never said he loved me until he was dying, says Heston: Chef reveals how recognition from his family was hard to come by 
Busty Rhian Sugden threatens to spill out of her plunging top as she shows off her flexibility with an outdoor yoga session
Benedict Cumberbatch, Robert Downey Jr. and Mark Ruffalo join forces to film EXPLOSIVE new Avengers: Infinity War scenes as Atlanta is pictured in utter chaos
On the move! Charlize Theron looks toned in plunging black tank top at JFK Airport in New York City as she promotes film Atomic Blonde
She brings champagne to a picnic! Reese Witherspoon doesn't mess around as she holds up bottle of bubbly for al fresco lunch
Maximum effort! Ryan Reynolds looks casual cool before donning iconic red leather bodysuit as he is seen for first time on Deadpool 2 set
Producers at the BET Awards 'went to great lengths to keep Chris Brown and ex-girlfriend Karrueche Tran apart' in accordance with the restraining order she has against him
'Brooklyn is the image of you!' David Beckham shares throwback snap for mum Sandra's birthday... yet fans are sent WILD by his likeness to eldest son 
Pitch perfect! Leggy Hailee Steinfeld looks radiant during Toronto radio station visit to promote new single
'I'm in agony!' Zahida Allen shares shocking snap of her split lip after claiming she was PUNCHED... leaving her worried as cosmetic fillers start leaking
Me time! Gwen Stefani enjoys a solo day of pampering at the salon
The Simple Life! Nicole Richie pushes a loaded grocery cart as she shops with husband Joel and their children
Day off from makeup! Joanna Krupa leaves off the paint as she says 'beauty isn't about having a pretty face' it's about having a 'pretty mind'
Do ya think I'm sexy? Rod Stewart's daughter Kimberly goes bra- free in a revealing black vest and sheer tights as she runs errands
Strike a pose! Pregnant Serena Williams shows off her growing baby bump in playful snap
Salma Hayek sets pulses racing by sharing a stunning mirror selfie on Instagram... which flashes her TOPLESS frame in the background
PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Gym bunny Louise Thompson flaunts her rippling abs and toned derriere in skimpy bikini on NINTH holiday of the year with Ryan Libbey
Love Island's Mike Thalassitis 'heads back to Jess Shears' hotel at 6am after wild night out'... just hours after pair slammed claims they have slept together
Following the topknot trend: Gigi Hadid lets her locks do the talking as she heads out in retro sunglasses and pretty periwinkle sweats
Boris Becker's wife Lilly puts on a brave face during sun-soaked stroll... days after her husband is declared bankrupt over £3m debt
Kim Zolciak films her swimsuit wearing daughter Brielle Biermann shaking her derriere...before flaunting her own body in hot pink bikini
She's a fashion Rebel! Actress Wilson reveals she is launching clothing line for plus-sized women after winning defamation case against Bauer Media 
'They couldn't keep their hands off each other': Brad Pitt and Sienna Miller 'cosy up at Glastonbury'... weeks after actress slammed romance rumours
'I have a constant feeling that I'm a d***head': BB's Isabelle feels 'guilty' following Lotan Carter's explosive exit... as Deborah is given a formal warning
She's a tough chick! Charlize Theron recalls the moment she punched co-star Teri Hatcher in the FACE as she poses for sexy W magazine cover shoot
First pictures from inside Manchester Arena as Charles and Camilla meet 'fantastic' medics who were first on the scene at the Ariana Grande concert bombing
Lotan Carter's contract with The Dreamboys is CANCELLED... as nominations are called off following his removal from Big Brother house
'I needed to talk about it': Lily Collins looks prim in a lace playsuit as she talks about 'therapeutic' experience of revisiting anorexia in To The Bone
Staying in shape! Lisa Rinna, 53, looks sensational in a revealing maroon tank top as she hikes with silver fox husband Harry in LA
Charlie Sheen set to pocket at least $1million as he sells Babe Ruth's 1927 World Series ring and letter selling slugger from Red Sox to Yankees
Made In Chelsea's Frankie Gaff flaunts her incredibly perky posterior as she sizzles in a barely-there bikini during Ibiza photoshoot 
Rugby's power couple: Fans hail Lions star Liam Williams and his VERY attractive model girlfriend the 'new Posh and Becks' thanks to their glam lifestyle 
Strip That Down! Liam Payne shows Cheryl what she is missing as he posts sexy shirtless selfie displaying his rock hard abs while in the US
Ice maiden no more! The Flash's Killer Frost star Danielle Panabaker shares snap of 'happiest day' of her life after getting married
Bankrupt Boris Becker's £65k Maserati is towed from private members club after he is slapped with parking fines on the car AND his £80k Porsche
Not going to the chapel: Kris Jenner, 61, will 'never marry' Corey Gamble, 36, as their relationship 'is more business than romantic'
'Talk about a real life Action Hero!' Incredible Hulk star Lou Ferrigno helps fan having a seizure at a comic book convention
She's out of this world! Nelly Furtado oozes sex appeal in glitzy fringed bralet and perilously plunging star-print jumpsuit as she performs at Pride
Car-FLASH-ian! Kylie Jenner sizzles in sexy striped mini yet bares a little too much as she stacks into plush motor at sister Khloe's 33rd birthday bash
Zendaya gets cosy in a pair of fluffy suede slippers as she lands in LAX... after wearing a stylish striped dress at a Spider-Man: Homecoming photocall
'This is your fate!' Justin Timberlake looks a far cry from his usual hunky self as he hilariously pokes fun of his 'dad life' with funky neon glasses
'Speaking of pigs': Ireland Baldwin roasts dad Alec Baldwin...and references 2007 voicemail he left her where he called her 'little pig'
'That would be perjury': Johnny Depp could be charged after admitting he 'knew that he and Amber Heard brought their dogs to Australia illegally' 
'I have p*** in my shoe!': Kelly Osbourne blasts Starbucks as 'shameful' in furious Twitter rant after they 'refused to let her use the toilet'
EastEnder the feud! Worse-for-wear Jessie Wallace heads out with half-sister Danielle Mason after resolving row... as she bares FAR too much
The truth comes out: Kim Zolciak reveals she was once a church-going brunette before finding fame as a platinum blonde on RHOA
'An adorable pure soul': Ariana Grande's beau Mac Miller wishes her happy 24th birthday... as it's been one month since Manchester tragedy
Pregnant Billi Mucklow shows off bump in tiny bikini as she enjoys a paddleboard session with fiance Andy Carroll and son Arlo during Hawaii holiday 
'I just don't think I'm right for you at all': Love Island couple Kem and Amber both admit they are 'unhappy'... as Simon and Tyla drive a wedge between them
She Will Be Loved! Rocker Adam Levine gives his model wife Behati Prinsloo an affectionate hug as they step out together for a romantic meal
'Everything I do in my live show is live': Ed Sheeran DEFENDS his one-man Glastonbury set... as viewers accuse him of using a 'backing track' during set
Where did she (Mar)got? Robbie looks unrecognisable as she swaps her blonde locks for a short black wig and shades to party at Glastonbury
Birthday girl Khloe Kardashian sizzles in TINY pink mini as she lives it up with dashing beau Tristan Thompson and her family for early 33rd festivities
Standing by her man! Kendall Jenner flashes taut tummy as she meets beau A$AP Rocky post BET Awards.. hours after his pre-show party scuffle
Orlando Bloom shows off his muscular physique as he enjoys a guys' afternoon at Malibu beach with surfing icon pal Laird Hamilton
Zoe Ball thanks her friends and family for support following the death of boyfriend Billy Yates... as she receives praise from fans for being sober for a year
'He found it upsetting': Photographer Brooklyn Beckham will donate all of the proceeds from upcoming art exhibition to children affected by the Grenfell Tower fire
Earning her stripes! Queen Letizia does nautical chic as she attends an awards ceremony in Madrid
Justin Bieber shows his softer side as he hugs a fan after playing sold out gig at Dublin's RDS... but appears to confuse country with Scotland in tartan
Celine Dion, 49, is anything but mellow in yellow as she punches the air on her way out of Paris hotel ahead of UK shows
Queen of green! Maxima dons bizarre neon accessories as she arrives at a neurology congress in Amsterdam 
Love Island fans spot Jess Shears' wandering hand on Mike' leg during live Aftersun broadcast... as she tearfully DENIES sleeping with him AGAIN
The A-list Team! Victoria Beckham cosies up to bleary-eyed husband David at Glastonbury as the couple take in Ed Sheeran's headline set
Django Untamed! Director Quentin Tarantino looks a world away from his usual self as he sports a chin-length BOB while enjoying lunch in the sun
'I was so naive': Stella McCartney admits she is 'embarrassed' she used supermodels Kate Moss and Naomi Campbell in her graduate fashion show
Tom Hardy leaves star-struck fans thrilled as he poses with them for a string of selfies during break from motorbike lessons in Nuneaton
Action! Idris Elba is spotted filming scenes for gritty new film Yardie in Jamaica... as he steps behind the lens for his directorial debut 
'They looked like they were really enjoying each other's company': Chris Martin and Katy Perry 'spotted holding hands backstage at Glastonbury'
SPOILER ALERT: Driving her crazy! Tina O'Brien's Sarah Platt is fuming at Mikey North as Gary fails to meet her at therapy session after his taxi breaks down
That's a wrap! As stars like Gigi and Bella Hadid sport paper bag pants, FEMAIL reveals how to flatter your figure in the billowy trousers
April Love Geary, 22, flaunts her enviably slender figure in sexy cut-out crochet dress as she goes grocery shopping with beau Robin Thicke, 40
'It's a load of old Hogwash': Piers Morgan dresses up as Harry Potter to celebrate 20th anniversary of first book release... (but he's not happy about it!)
EXCLUSIVE: Muddy mess! Mario Lopez sues insurance company for refusing to pay out on claim after wicked storm ravaged the TV host's $2.6 million hillside mansion
Abs-flashing Kourtney Kardashian shows off her sensational physique in tiny velvet crop top with matching trousers for sister Khloe's 33rd birthday
Kris Jenner, 61, displays her shapely body in a black dress as she's joined by Melanie Griffith at daughter Khloe Kardashian's surprise 33rd birthday
'The babies will not be released until they are stabilised': Beyonce and Jay Z's twins remain 'under the lights' in hospital... as they are treated for jaundice
Giddy up, buttercup! Sophia Ecclestone, 3, pokes out her tongue in concentration as her doting mother Tamara takes her out for a pony ride
Lateysha Grace copies Demi Rose as she flaunts her curves in racy semi-sheer navy dress at BET Awards in LA... after spending 4K on plastic surgery
'This is not true': Reps for Brad Pitt deny magazine's claims he went on an 'intimate date' with Elle Macpherson following her split from husband Jeffrey Soffer
Stern-faced Heidi Klum steps out in New York with son Henri... after beau Vito Schnabel was seen kissing a mystery woman in London
Olivia Wilde cuts a casual figure in a red T-shirt as she steps out with 1984 co-star Tom Sturridge... after the Broadway play's debut left audience 'vomiting'
Chic Gabrielle Union looks sensational in an elegant indigo midi dress... as she cuddles up to husband Dwayne Wade for Lanvin runway show in Paris
'When two become three': Footballer Ryan Mason's model fiancée announces they are expecting their first child together... months after his head injury
Charlotte McKinney displays her ample bosom in a low-cut tank top teamed with thigh-skimming denim skirt as she enjoys leisurely day out
Former N-Dubz rapper Dappy, 30, who threatened neighbours with a knife weeps as he avoids jail but is told to 'act as a proper role model' to his 18-month-old daughter
Ab-baring Jennifer Lopez steals a look at her killer frame as she holds hands with beau Alex Rodriguez in The Hamptons... before he takes her for a spin
'Thank you Auntie Kendall!': Kim Kardashian West shares Snapchats of the adorable present the model got North for her fourth birthday
Chris Brown and Migos 'become involved in a brawl after the BET Awards'... as Quavo's rumoured relationship with singer's ex Karrueche emerges
At least 'bust' Boris can keep his Porsche AND Maserati! Becker pictured with cars worth £145k just days after being declared bankrupt amid 'marriage woes'
Beauty and the best: Yara Shahidi's DENIM eyeliner, Jada Pinkett Smith's gold shadow and Eva Marcille's ankle-length box braids won the BET Awards
'Diana cried and kicked the furniture for six hours': How Charles' new wife hit out and 'nearly knocked a flunky flying' when she found a bracelet for Camilla
'This is a sign of true love': Nick Lachey dug through 'dirty diapers and trash' to find wife Vanessa's lost diamond wedding ring
First class arrival: Make-up free Amy Poehler looks relaxed in a chic top and skinny jeans as she touches down at LAX airport in Los Angeles
'Things are not rosy': Danny Dyer's marriage 'under serious strain' as wife Joanne Mas is 'left humiliated' by alleged affair with Sarah Harding
Declan Donnelly and his manager wife Ali Astall prepare to head off for another getaway... after sidekick Ant McPartlin checks in to rehab
Ouch! Alexander Skarsgard reveals reddened sunburned skin as he relaxes in bathing trunks on Capri vacation
She's all that! Jennifer Lawrence looks casually cool as she rocks cropped tee and ripped denims for lunch with Quentin Tarantino
Aidan Turner auditioned for Bond, albeit as 007 if he came from Cornwall,. But our hero's mission proved he should stick to mining in Poldark
'What have I really done to contribute?' Louis Tomlinson confesses to crippling insecurity while in 1D as he struggled to find his place in the band
Later skater! Blond Jaden Smith gives new girlfriend Odessa Adlon a skateboard lesson before lunching with sister Willow
Heavily-pregnant Danielle Lloyd sparks confusion as she introduces newborn baby girl on Instagram... yet she's still awaiting her fourth son
Chris Brown performs at BET Awards in front of ex Karrueche Tran... less than two weeks after she was granted FIVE YEAR restraining order against him
Revenge served! Remy Ma ends rival Nicki Minaj's seven-year winning streak at BET Awards as she wins best female hip hop artist
Nothing to hide! Lil' Kim flashes her undergarments in sheer sparkle bodysuit at BET Awards after being named 'person of interest' in robbery
'Thank you to my entire family': Beyonce skips BET Awards and sends her proteges Chloe x Halle to pick up gong... after 'giving birth to twins'
James Packer continues to enjoy female company aboard his yacht following Karl Stefanovic and girlfriend Jasmine Yarbrough's departure
Having a Stella day! Kristen Stewart shows off slim stalks in denim shorts on outing with model lover Maxwell
That's how she (rock and) rolls: Rita Ora leaves Glastonbury by helicopter with an entourage of gal pals... after a 24-hour flying visit
SPOILER ALERT: Madison Clark learns who killed her boyfriend as new threat emerges on Fear The Walking Dead
Dripping in silver! Mary J. Blige is simply sensational in cropped top and chain mail ensemble at BET Awards
Cool dad Jamie Foxx brings 7-year-old daughter Annalise Bishop to the BET Awards in LA
Karrueche Tran shows off toned pins as she dazzles in body-hugging dress at BET Awards... while ex Chris Brown performs
The look of the Future! Rapper and daughter Londyn don matching bejewelled face masks at BET Awards
Kicking goals! Proud dad Russell Crowe looks proud as punch as he watches his son Tennyson, 10, play a game of rugby league in Sydney
Russell Crowe SLAMS reports he has been 'dating Love child star Sophia Forrest, 22, for three months'
Roo-need some more sun cream, Wayne! Red-faced star reveals embarrassing T-shirt marks as he goes shirtless after a day in Ibiza sun with Coleen
Lionel Richie had 'secret meeting' with American Idol producers in bid for judging position on ABC reboot
The Killers surprise fans as they make a storming return to the stage  at secret Glastonbury gig... in run-up to first studio album release since 2012
Little Mix return to stage in Twickenham... after angry parents claim young gig-goers were 'injured' in a drunken brawl at band's Suffolk gig
Bee Gees' Barry Gibb, 70, sends fan wild over rousing Glastonbury performance... as he returns to the stage after revealing childhood abuse
Look how they've grown! Old photographs show the world's most beloved musicians as starry-eyed youngsters... but can you tell who's who? 
Move over Ross and Demelza! Drake Carne and Morwenna Chynoweth share steamy smooch as they compete Poldark's new hottest couple
The royal who boasts she shops at Oxfam: Lady Amelia Windsor posts photo of herself in the charity shop's changing room 
Tupac Shakur was 'assaulted by predatory and degenerate prisoners' in draft of John Singleton's All Eyez On Me script...but never made it to screen
'We couldn't keep our hands off each other': Charlotte Crosby had romp with beau Stephen Bear on their MTV series... but she made him wait a week for sex
Jeremy Clarkson, 57, takes girlfriend Lisa Hogan, 46, for a spin in his Bugatti during trip ... as he blasts Richard Hammond's driving skills after crash
Blowing smoke! Kylie Jenner poses topless with cigarette for a throwback Instagram post
'I'm the luckiest man in the world': Chic's Nile Rodgers pauses Glastonbury set to tell crowd he's cancer-free
'Very complicated situation': Kris Jenner 'not thrilled' about daughters spending Father's Day with Caitlyn
Paul Hogan's ex Linda Kozlowski, 59, sparks engagement rumours as she's spotted wearing a ring on stroll with longtime lover Moulay Hafid Baba
Is Princess Mary pregnant? New Idea magazine claims Australian-born royal is 'poised' to announce happy news
Flaunting it! Blac Chyna busts out of plunging black bodysuit at the BET Awards... after her Rolls Royce was rear-ended by a 'drunk driver' in LA
'She's not into selfies yet': Kourtney Kardashian takes a photo with frightened niece Dream, 7
No Sunday rest! Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez hit the gym together during Hamptons getaway
Still a work in progress! Blac Chyna and Rob Kardashian are 'not officially back together' but 'getting along' as they co-parent baby daughter Dream
'I was born to be a dad': New father Shayne Ward opens up about his devotion to daughter Willow-May...as he reveals plans for SEVEN children
Man of the hour! Alec Baldwin feted at Spike TV tribute by stars including Robert de Niro and Tracy Morgan
'No one has made me feel as cherished or respected': Michelle Mone discusses her 'fairytale' relationship with millionaire beau Doug Barrowman
Just like dad! Chris Hemsworth's daughter India Rose, 5, displays superhuman strength as she climbs play equipment while mum Elsa Pataky nonchalantly chats with family
Sunday vibes! Olivia Munn bares taut tummy in chic workout gear as she walks her dogs in LA heat
Chest is best! Kat Graham, Jada Pinkett Smith and Amber Rose all take the plunge on the red carpet of the BET Awards
 'Through thick and thin': Bankrupt Boris Becker defiantly SLAMS reports he's split from model wife Lilly as he wishes her happy birthday in heartfelt tweet
James and Pippa's night on the town: Newlyweds step out in London's West End on their first public outing since their honeymoon
Picture perfect: Proud parents Victoria and David Beckham are sartorially in sync as they bring family to Brooklyn's photography book launch
PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Setting tongues wagging! Rihanna puts on VERY steamy display with new man during Spanish vacation
'My little girl all grown up!': Proud mum Kerry Katona can't contain her emotions as eldest daughter Molly, 15, gets glammed up for prom
The photographer, the model and the popstar: Beckham's boys Brooklyn, 18, Romeo, 14, and Cruz, 12, make David and Victoria proud at photography launch
'My mum tum is hiding it': Corrie's Catherine Tyldesley hits out at claims she's photoshopped her bikini snap as fans question where her belly button is
Brad Pitt and Sienna Miller 'secretly dating' after romantic hook-up at Glastonbury... five months after Angelina Jolie divorce
Disco diva! Rita Ora flaunts her shapely legs in a TINY 80s-inspired red dress and gold heels as she performs new single at intimate gig in London
'His joy and passion was infectious': The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo actor Michael Nyqvist dies aged 56 after battle with lung cancer
Love Island's Marcel melts hearts as he asks Gabby to be his girlfriend while Jonny picks Camilla in shock recoupling after airing romance doubts
Love Island viewers brand Amber Davies an 'utter snake' as they urge show bosses to 'kick her out' for stirring drama between Montana and Simon
Gurn, you're on Candid Camera! Stars including George Clooney, Kate Winslet and Tom Hiddleston pull silly faces in previously-unseen photos 
'I was not in the mood': Katy Perry speaks about THOSE Orlando Bloom paddleboarding pictures for the first time and admits he tried to get her naked too
Gordon Ramsay's wife Tana showcases her slender pins in leather trousers as she steps out with her children  to support Brooklyn Beckham's book launch
Glamour model Danielle Sellers set to shake things up between the Love Island couples 'as she prepares to enter the villa'
My daddy's a superhero! Buff Chris Pratt shows off bulging biceps and ripped abs as he plays with son Jack in Hawaii while nursing injuries 
Lottie Moss looks effortlessly elegant as she flaunts her endless legs in cold shoulder minidress at fashion event
'I've been for the chop': TV favourite Scarlett Moffatt shows off her slick shorter locks as fans go wild for her hrand new look 
Is Kate Beckinsale's fling with a toyboy revenge for her ex Len Wiseman falling for a model 20 years his junior?
PICTURE EXCLUSIVE 'She has very sensitive skin': Stephanie Davis is spotted with painful-looking bruises littering her arms after tumultuous few weeks
Pretty in pink! Gigi Hadid resembles a real-life Barbie doll as she steps out in shiny pink leather jacket and matching flared pants
Liv Tyler power dresses in a classic suit beside fiancé Dave Gardner... as she leaves Brooklyn Beckham's exhibition with his new book under her arm
What a birthday! Khloe Kardashian receives cake and flowers as she turns 33... while beau Tristan picks up takeout for two at Cheesecake Factory
Before and after: Kim Kardashian goes makeup free and then with a full face of KKW Beauty during online tutorial
'You know it's bad when a moth is the highlight': BB fans despair over 'most boring episode ever'... after petition launches to AXE 'violent' show 
'Holly's disappearing!' Willoughby is visibly taken aback when giggling Nadia Sawalha comments on her widely-discussed weight loss as she covers up
Pure jean-ius! Bella Thorne shows off more than her slim figure in double denim as she busts out dance moves on studio visit in LA
Is that you Catherine? Actress Zeta-Jones is unrecognizable as she plays 'Cocaine Godmother' Griselda Blanco in biopic for Lifetime
Love Island's Jonny Mitchell reveals he wants to 'rip' new girl Tyla's clothes off... despite sharing a steamy smooch with Camilla
'He cheated on me numerous of times': Love Island's Chloe Crowhurst hits out at bitter TOWIE ex Jon Clark accusing him of emotional abuse
Braless Pixie Lott returns to her hot pink hue as she dazzles in TINY playsuit before slipping into second leggy look at hair dye launch
Striking naked shots of a teenage Kate Moss resurface after she reunites with photographer ex-fling Mario Sorrenti... 24 years on from iconic ad
Braless Charli XCX takes the plunge in an uncharacteristically demure floral dress as she supports pal Rita Ora at private concert
Declan Donnelly and his wife Ali Astall return to London after visit to his hometown Newcastle... as best friend Ant McPartlin checks in to rehab 
Tallia Storm risks baring her cleavage in  sheer lacy bralet as she flaunts her toned stomach during stylish appearance at fashion bash
A dreamy date night! Kim Kardashian plants kiss on Kanye West as they take $700K Mercedes SLR McLaren to a friend's pad in Calabasas
'It really p*sses me off because I'm busting my a** out there': Britney Spears lashes out against persistent lip sync rumors ahead of first-ever Israel concert
'Wow you have lost so much weight': Famously curvy Nigella Lawson shocks fans with noticeably slimmer frame as she teases at her new series
Scott Eastwood cosies up to his stunning girlfriend Maddie Serviente as they enjoy a sun-soaked boat trip during romantic Spanish getaway
'I might say goodbye to franchise': Michelle Rodriguez threatens to leave Fast & Furious unless they 'show some love to the women'
Glamorous Ashley James puts on a busty display in plunging scarlet dress as she attends Aspall Tennis Classic event
'I'm in no rush': Newly-single Amy Childs is not on the look out for love as she vows to focus on co-parenting Polly with ex Bradley Wright
Water babe! Nina Dobrev shows off sculpted figure in THREE different swimsuits while filming shark conservation video in Hawaii
Gold medal selfie! Olympic champion Tom Daley performs a 'world first' as he takes a photo of himself while diving off a 10m board 
Defiant Heidi Klum looks steps out in a slinky khaki dress and wet-look hair... days after beau Vito Schnabel was spotted kissing a mystery woman
Tommy Hilfiger walks daughter Ally down the aisle in gown he designed himself as she weds longtime beau in Mustique
X Factor favourite Sharon Osbourne cuts a low profile in a kimono style jacket and fedora as she touches down in Los Angeles
Sofia Coppola exudes elegance in an emerald gown as she joins glamorous Jacqui Ritchie at screening for her latest film The Beguiled 
Thrice-divorced ommy Lee, 54, kisses former Vine star Brittany Furlan, 30, after enjoying a romantic sushi date together
'I don't know where the motherf**ker is!' Mariah Carey's response to ex-fiancé James Packer's links to a corruption probe involving Netanyahu
How Diana's death sparked a fallout between Charles and the Queen: Monarch 'didn't comfort him on the night of the crash'
'Coolest wife on the planet': Dave Franco reveals Alison Brie found his threesome scene in The Little Hours 'really sexy'
Bump buddies! Pregnant Bar Refaeli and her pal get a kick out of rubbing baby bellies in sweet social media moment
'The puppy's name is Sushi!': Kim Kardashian's daughter North settles on moniker for new dog after considering Baby Jesus and Peachy Pop
Miley Cyrus' pop star sister Noah cuts a casual figure and shows off her bull ring nose piercing as she's greeted by adoring fans at Sydney Airport
Margot Robbie looks summer-ready in a leggy white dress with a plunging neckline as she attends flagship store opening in London
Grief of Philip's confidante, the new Countess Mountbatten: How companion of the Duke has single-handedly run the family estate in recent years 
'What happens in Mallorca stays in Mallorca': Love Island's Caroline Flack shows off ample assets in racy red bikini... as she models a cheeky hat
What will Harry discover? Details of Meghan's private life and 'family secrets' to be revealed in rumoured new show called Meet the Markles
Not Happy to do that! Pharrell Williams admits wife Helen Lasichanh handles their triplets' diapers
'It still fits!' Chad Michael Murray wears costume from A Cinderella Story to attend children's hospital prom with wife Sarah Roemer
'Good to be back': Niall Horan makes low-key arrival in Sydney ahead of The Voice Australia... as Katy Perry reveals she once TURNED DOWN the Irish hunk
Summer haircut! Mila Kunis shows off new bob... after husband Ashton Kutcher reveals their relationship was 'purely sexual' at first
He's a real life superhero! Ryan Reynolds totes gun on set of Deadpool 2 in Vancouver... as he reveals he once saved his nephew's life
Kat Graham flashes a peek of cleavage in plunging navy suede dress as she attends the European premiere of Tupac biopic All Eyez on Me
Seeing double! Jennifer Lopez and lookalike stunt double rock same wig and baggy jeans on Shades Of Blue set
Rear she is! Geordie Shore's Holly Hagan flashes her incredibly pert posterior in raunchy thong bikini as she sizzles during Thailand break
SPOILER ALERT: 'I don't trust her' Love Island's Montana and Amber have blazing row as newbie Simon admits he wants to 'rip Amber's clothes off'
Newly married Pippa Matthews is spotted out and about in London for the first time since returning from her honeymoon (but where is her wedding ring?)
Kourtney Kardashian shares NAKED photo of Khloe while wishing her a happy 33rd birthday as Kim calls her 'strong' and Kris labels the siren 'kind'
Colourful Guy Pearce shows off his bulging biceps as he wears rainbow feather boa while waving from a float at the San Francisco Gay Pride Parade
SARAH VINE: Why riviting biography shows most women are either a Diana or a Camilla 
You will sob your heart out at the cruel tale of Timmy the dog: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS on last night's TV 
John McEnroe REFUSES to apologize for Serena Williams comments and suggests she is hysterical because of pregnancy
Forgot your trousers? Elizabeth Hurley puts on a VERY leggy display as she poses for sizzling snap behind the scenes during filming for The Royals
Heading back to Harry! Meghan Markle cuts a casual figure as she arrives at Toronto International airport en route to her Prince's London home
Love Island's Kem Cetinay slips into a skimpy yellow mini dress as he tries on the girls' clothing for the second time in the villa
Newlyweds Jacqueline and Dan Osborne show off wedding ring on honeymoon with daughter Ella... after she takes new husband's surname
Bikini-clad Alex Gerrard soaks up the sun in sizzling two-piece as she joins husband Steven and their tots on Ibiza break... two months after son Lio's birth 
Kim Kardashian branded 'complete trash' by social media users accusing her of taking 'revenge' on beauty vlogger for giving lukewarm review
'We're back!': Jesse James and Eric Decker announce return of their E! reality show three years after season two finale
Newly-engaged Felicity Jones flashes her sparkly diamond ring as she makes a low-key landing at LAX airport in casual ensemble
Eugenie's whirlwind week: Party-loving Princess joins mother Fergie and boyfriend Jack Brooksbank at a star-studded charity bash 
PICTURED: Love Island star Mike Thalassitis heads back to Jess Shears' hotel room in the early hours... before hinting pair DID romp
'Gotham' star Donal Logue asks for help locating his son after teen goes missing in Brooklyn
Aglow! Olivia Munn is radiant as she emphasizes her showstopping legs in skintight jeans out in Los Angeles
Blond-haired and dishevelled Robert Pattinson is barely recognisable in the new trailer for Good Time... following Oscar buzz about crime flick
Kris Jenner calls daughter Kim's sex tape 'one of the most horrific things' her family went through
'Hope it's a beautiful night': Billie Piper wishes boyfriend Johnny Lloyd good luck on Instagram as she publicly acknowledges romance for first time
Very revealing! Dancing With The Stars judge Julianne Hough flashes her ABS as she models bra top while leaving LA gym
Gaz Beadle and Emma McVey confirm they're back together as they stroll hand-in-hand through Manchester... weeks after she called him a 'cheater'
'I love him with all of my heart': La La Anthony confirms divorce from Carmelo not happening 'right now'
Love Island's Malin Andersson shows off her ample assets in tight scarlet vest as she leaves her local gym... after undergoing £7k complete body overhaul
Is she training for the Olympics? Britney Spears shows off an incredibly toned body during strenuous workout in hotel gym
Cheat day! Skinnygirl founder Bethenny Frankel blows off diet by indulging in ICE CREAM as she flaunts  bikini body on Hamptons beach
Get off her jock: Bethenny Frankel ex Jason Hoppy hit with MORE stalking charges after new threatening texts and emails are revealed in court 
That's some entourage! Hilary Duff has several handlers with her as she hits NYC radio station wearing white corset jacket and tight jeans
Legs for days! Supermodel Candice Swanepoel flaunts her svelte figure in blue and white striped dress for NYC outing
Bright idea? Lucy Hale gets a vintage light bulb tattoo to celebrate the Pretty Little Liars' series finale
Celine Dion keeps things simple in a blue slogan tracksuit as she steps out in Paris... after sporting ensemble worth a staggering £85,000
Karlie Kloss pays tribute to Japanese culture with Kimono-style pants teamed with a smart white shirt as she steps out in Tokyo
Her Hollybloke! Soap siren Nikki Sanderson flashes her bra in a sheer top as she cuddles up to boyfriend Greg Whitehurst on a shopping spree
'I don't want Bear thinking it's what we should do': Liam Payne takes aim at Cheryl's pal Khloe Kardashian... revealing she watches the show 'all the time'
Whoops! Rapper Gucci Mane turns up to the BET Awards in the exact SAME bright blue Gucci suit as another VIP - DJ Khaled's eight-month-old son
'F*** you.. you've been mean for ages'! Raging Lilly Becker steps out after breaking down in tears on TV show over bankrupt husband Boris amid 'marriage woes'
Bendy Amber Heard showcases her flexibility as she performs a series of yoga moves while soaking up the sun with her girl pals
'It's just genetic!': Steve Carell gives typically funny response after his new 'silver fox' look causes Internet frenzy
Life in the fast lane! Gordon Ramsay takes his beaming daughter Holly, 17, for a spin in his £200,000 Ferrari after having dinner in Malibu
'I'm going to die': Grand Tour presenter Richard Hammond, 47, speaks of the moment the £2million supercar he was driving flew off a hill at 120mph
Pretty in paisley! Queen Maxima stuns in floor-length dress as she and King Willem-Alexander welcome the Indian Prime Minister to the Netherlands  
That's still a lot of booze! Bachelor In Paradise contestants allowed only 'two drinks per hour' after Corinne and DeMario sex scandal rocked show
'There are scenes of violence, racial harassment and sexual exploitation': Over 500 viewers sign petition calling for Big Brother to be AXED from TV
Ace! Tennis pro Caroline Wozniacki flaunts an incredibly toned physique as she poses NAKED on the cover of ESPN's Body Issue
Gemma Atkinson shows off her gym-honed physique in a bikini... after embarking on intense  fitness regime
Brooklyn Beckham puts on a dressed-down display in bright tracksuit and a casual cap as he leaves radio interview to promote his debut photography book
Big Brother 2015 winner Chloe Wilburn takes to Twitter to reveal she has given birth to her 'beautiful 9.2lbs son' and named him Vinnie John Taker
'I don't think my story is over yet': Serena Williams reveals she plans to be back on the court as soon as JANUARY as she poses in risqué nude shoot
'Maybe they'll be a couple in 50 years': Lydia Bright hints romance could still be on the cards for ex James 'Arg' Argent and Gemma Collins
A touch of Klass! Myleene catches the eye in semi-sheer dress as she attends Found Her festival to talk about 'resilience and reinvention'
Lady Gaga, 31, explores the Hamptons with boyfriend Christian Carino, 48, as they continue to enjoy their romantic summer trip away
'You look 10 times prettier!' Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall sends fans wild with her make-up free complexion and new curly hairstyle on  social media
Geordie Shore star Sophie Kasaei displays her curves in a tiny orange bikini as she sips a cocktail during sunshine break in Malta
'I'm sorry...' Ruth Langsford breaks down in tears live on air as she speaks about the pain of losing her father to Alzheimer's
All done up for Doug? Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa, 33, leaves hair salon with perfect locks as romance with Spedding, 55, heats up
EXCLUSIVE: Jim Carrey drops his attempt to force his late girlfriend's mother to pay him $372,000 and will attempt to settle the lawsuit
'It's what I've used my whole life': Margot Robbie reveals she applies an NIPPLE cream on her lips to complete her perfect pout
EXCLUSIVE: 'I want a four year gap!' Sam Faiers has issued ban on more babies any time soon... and says she 'won't be doing reality TV in 10 years time'
Bruce Willis, 62, enjoys a family day out with stunning wife Emma Hemming, 39, and their two daughters at Santa Monica zoo 
'I miss her terribly': Carol Vorderman commands attention in form-fitting jumpsuit as she makes emotional first TV appearance following mum's death
Cheryl and Liam Payne's bid to build garage for £1million fleet of cars, including Harry Potter motor, is DENIED... as council brand it 'inappropriate' 
Their special bond revealed: Kris Jenner, 61, gushes about her 'girl' Melanie Griffith, 59, on IG... after the two connected over painful divorces
Ahoy, me hearties! Caroline Catz wears comically large beard as she dresses as pirate while filming Doc Martin's penultimate season
The look of love! Queen Letizia and King Felipe VI of Spain share a romantic glance as they welcome the President of Slovenia to Madrid
BRAWL that glitters! BB's Chanelle McCleary and Ellie Young cover their bare assets in sparkling paint... as they forget Lotan Carter's ejection after huge fight
Star Wars legend Denis Lawson is dressed in character as he lands new role as Scottish Duke in forthcoming second series of Victoria
Cally Jane Beech didn't speak to boyfriend Luis Morrison for TWO WEEKS before giving birth to daughter... as she calls pregnancy 'the worst nine months'
Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, teases serious cleavage as she exposes her perky derriere in raunchy bikini during sun-soaked beach day
Beauty in blue! Julianna Margulies cuts a casual figure in pleated tank top and jeans as she steps out for stroll in NYC
Michael Buble seen for the first time with his family... three months after his wife revealed son Noah is recovering from his successful treatment for cancer
'The wildest night of my life': DeMario Jackson details Bachelor in Paradise romp that led to assault claims saying Corinne was the 'aggressor'
Busty Sofia Vergara's glam display at launch is overshadowed by her stunning lookalike family... as she's joined by her mini-me niece Claudia, 27, and son, 24
'It's a food baby!' Megan McKenna slams PREGNANCY rumours as she blames rounded stomach on Mexican meal... weeks after fans' 'skinny' concerns
Bradley Cooper lands at LAX after filming A Star is Born at Glastonbury
Katy Perry teases sideboob in risque dress and wig in new Calvin Harris music video... as she takes another swipe at Taylor Swift by working with her ex
Pregnant Chanelle Hayes cools down with ice cream as she shows off her blossoming baby bump in figure-hugging black dress during stroll around Marbella  
EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't want to be famous': Former Hollyoaks star Emma Rigby turns her attentions to those in need... as she ditches her glamorous lifestyle
Hot to trot! Selma Blair competes in showjumping event with her horse Darko after celebrating her 45th birthday
'Dickie is feeding me a brownie!' Fitness fanatic Chloe Madeley shares hilarious family throwback photo with parents Richard and Judy
The black-eyed Prince: Andrew sports a mystery bruise on his face as Royals gather for Countess Mountbatten of Burma's funeral
He's a high-flyer! Brooklyn Beckham's heart-stopping skydive - as David and Victoria watch nervously on the ground 13,000ft below
Busty Kate Wright is spotted in skin-tight gym gear as rumoured-flame Rio Ferdinand is spotted departing her Essex home  
Sam Faiers puts on a busty display in plunging satin top and boho jacket as she makes a stylish arrival at chewing gum launch in London
'Where is my hair?': Sex and the City star Kristin Davis speaks candidly about her later life hair loss and reveals the miracle products that boosted her locks
Orange is the new SLACK! Make-up free Taryn Manning cuts a very relaxed figure in T-shirt and skinny jeans as she arrives in Los Angeles
'Are you a bit jealous?' Susanna Reid teases Piers Morgan as he labels romance between Kate Beckinsale, 43, and toyboy boyfriend, 21, 'toe-curling'
SPOILER ALERT: Coronation Street's Bethany Platt's plight worsens as grooming charges against rapist fiancé Nathan Curtis are DROPPED
Khloe Kardashian sparks baby rumours by posting 'dad and mom' snap with her boyfriend Tristan Thompson
Peep show! Charlotte McKinney hitches up her dress revealing her long legs while chatting with a friend in West Hollywood
Make-up free Taylor Swift debuts VERY curly new hair style as she sends congratulations message to basketball star Russell Westbrook on sports award
Solo no-show! Zayn Malik cancels MORE gigs amid reports his anxiety issues are still preventing him from performing on stage alone
EXCLUSIVE: 'She said she was falling in love': Love Island evictees Sam and Chloe claim Jess and Dom's romance IS real... and Amber is immature
Mariah Carey flaunts her fabulous figure in a slinky curve-skimming bandeau dress as she steps out in Paris with cute kids Monroe and Moroccan
'She's my little miracle': Kym Marsh credits youngest daughter Polly for helping her recover from the shattering death of son Archie
'Nothing in a $75million price range is floating their boat': Beyonce and Jay Z 'struggling to find their perfect home'... as they prepare to leave $400k-a-month pad
My Heart Will Go On... a £79k bag! Playful Celine Dion displays her quirky sense of style as she steps out in Paris in wacky ensemble totalling a huge £85,000
Is Woody getting the chop? Blue singer Lee Ryan among various actors said to be facing the axe from EastEnders as new soap boss takes over
Pup-town Girl! Paris Hilton puts on a glamorous display in billowing maxi skirt and sky-high stilettos as she takes pooch for a stroll
What's the big secret? Kristen Stewart shows off thin pins in short shorts while girlfriend Stella Maxwell whispers in her ear
'Just got s**t on': Disgruntled Perrie Edwards shares her unfortunate mishap with a bird as she documents sweet family beach day on Instagram
Bella Thorne rocks stained tracksuit bottoms and odd striped jumper and top hat ensemble as she heads out for casual dinner
She's definitely a well heeled girl! Olivia Munn carries her shoes as she leaves latest photoshoot in her slippers
'Once every six years, I wrote a song for it': Ed Sheeran reveals he has been penning much-anticipated fourth album for over half a DECADE
'They call me a geriatric mum': Cat Deeley, 40, says she's desperate for more babies with husband Patrick Kielty, 46, despite 'health risk'
'I've sent someone to kill you': Threatening phone calls from Diana and how Charles's TV affair confession led to Camilla becoming hated in Britain
She's a Gryffindor! Julianne Hough reveals she was in Harry Potter film with throwback snap on 20th anniversary of first novel
Squat to trot! Nicki Minaj puts on a titillating display in sexy two-piece and racy thigh-high boots as she seductively dances at NBA Awards
Inseparable! Make-up free Kylie Jenner beams as she holds hands with boyfriend Travis Scott during casual outing together
Defiant Katie Price puts on an EXTREMELY eye-popping display in a thong-flashing glitzy catsuit at single launch party... after the tune was slammed by fans
They've been rumbled! Lucy Mecklenburgh and Ryan Thomas seem to confirm romance rumours as they share a steamy KISS at airport 
'He is dead to me': Furious ex-fiancée of Love Island newbie Craig Lawson claims he 'ditched their young son to enter the villa'... as he flirts with Camilla
'My friends don't understand': Silver-haired Cara Delevingne flashes sideboob as she admits she finds it 'annoying' when people assume she's gay
Street art, sushi and butterflies: How our four online dating sceptics have been getting on finding love virtually...
Adele reveals she's selling POM-POMS in her spare time after hinting that she will quit touring for good... as she swears 56 times in expletive-ridden gig
The cheek of her! Tyga's 'ex' Demi Rose pours her hourglass curves into red PVC lingerie for steamy photoshoot 
The making of a royal mistress and why opposites have rarely been so attracted: How Camilla was confident, flirty and adored at home
Pregnant Katie Piper looks radiant in a bump-hugging pink dress as she joins devoted husband Richard Sutton for book launch
Dumped Love Island star Chloe Crowhurst is 'back together with ex Jon Clark despite their public fallout... and is now hoping to join the cast of TOWIE'
Chloe Sims flashes her eye-popping cleavage in a VERY plunging scarlet jumpsuit as she storms magazine launch party in London
'I'd definitely like two kids': Millie Mackintosh showcases her lean legs in swimwear as she talks about moving on from her 'dignified' divorce from Pro Green
'Happy to be able to hold the two new loves of my life': Doting father Cristiano Ronaldo posts heartwarming photo of his new twins hours after confirming birth 
Kendall Jenner shops for diamond earrings in Beverly Hills with rumored beau A$AP Rocky... after apology for 'disrespectful' music legends T-shirts
'It's like when dogs p*** on the floor!' Love Island's Amber leaves a perfume-soaked THONG in Kem's suitcase as she joins the girls in marking her territory
How Petra's gilded world crumbled to pixie dust: JAN MOIR says the Stunts prove that money can't buy happiness 
Showing her wild side! Mariah Carey takes a dip in Dead Sea donning diamonds and cleavage-bearing leopard-print swimsuit
Heidi Klum kisses beau Vito Schnabel at U2 concert... as couple are seen for first time since he was pictured kissing mystery woman
TOWIE's Amber Turner faces awkward run-in with ex Jamie Reed and his model girlfriend Jade Lewis at party... after he begged for her to leave the country
'We have Seth and Blair day': Adam Brody reveals he and wife Leighton Meester laugh about teen idol past in first interview since getting married
The Price of fame! Katie gets slapped with ANOTHER parking ticket on her hot pink 4x4 outside her single launch
'Left Essex to be a lifeguard...' TOWIE's Georgia Kousoulou flashes major sideboob in Baywatch-style swimsuit before slipping into tiny bikini in Cancun
The glamour model, the pop star groupie and the vlogger: The new Love Island contestants descend upon secret £2.5million villa as explosive twist begins
'Quite random': Niall Horan admits he was surprised by Liam Payne's romance with Cheryl Cole and reveals his One Direction pal is 'delighted' with baby
Emma Willis is beautiful in blue as she rocks an androgynous look in menswear inspired suit for Big Brother live eviction
Big Brother's Savannah O'Reilly becomes fourth housemate evicted... as four former contestants are given a second chance
The Beale-Deal: Ex-Eastenders star Ben Hardy 'lands another Hollywood role in Queen biopic' after X-Men breakout part
Downton Abbey's Daisy Lewis transforms with new blonde pixie crop as she attends Tatler high-society gala
Glaston-bleary: Amusing video shows David Beckham wiped out at his first Glasto experience... but giddy Victoria shows no signs of slowing down
Justin Bieber sports his teenage shaggy haircut in cute throwback Instagram photo with rapper Eminem
Hot right now! Rita Ora pairs fishnets with a racy leather skirt and sporty top as she steps out for magazine launch party
'Love you to the moon': Petra Stunt takes her mind off messy divorce from billionaire husband James by throwing sister Tamara a VERY lavish birthday dinner
GMB's Charlotte Hawkins looks ladylike in a floral frock as she brings cute daughter Ella Rose, two, along to star-studded Wind In The Willows musical
Going for gold! Pascal Craymer turns heads in eye-popping metallic mini dress as she leave little to the imagination for Katie Price's single launch party
Spotted! Kourtney Kardashian hides blemished face behind Louis Vuitton backpack and water bottle following trip to dermatologist
Soap siren Nikki Sanderson displays her honed pins in racy red mini skirt as she enjoys romantic evening with boyfriend Greg Whitehurst
Defiant Lauren Goodger shows off her curves in a leather skirt as she leaves the gym... after claiming 'pap pictures' make her look bigger than she is
The Queen and Prince Harry welcome VIP guests including Liam Payne and Mo Farah to Buckingham Palace for aeremony celebrating inspirational youngsters
Jourdan Dunn rocks leggy leather trousers and a plunging blouse as she joins stylish stars at Tatler's English Roses party
Big Brother reject Lotan Carter gets pushed into a pool in just his Y-fronts as he joins line-up of reality stars at Fake Bake party in London
Emily Ratajkowski sizzles in chic LBD for Glamour shoot as she reveals desire to move away from the 'bathing suit girl' role in films and being a 'sexual being'
'Phil's taken Holly up the Shard': Twitter goes wild for This Morning wedding segment as they praise Willoughby for her amazing new look
Love Island newcomer Danielle Sellers flaunts her curves in a low-cut crop top and a revealing swimsuit as she poses for a raunchy retro photoshoot
'Too young!' Cindy Crawford's daughter Kaia, 15, sparks social media backlash after posing for selfie in a bathrobe
Summer style! Jenna Dewan Tatum dons Panama hat and cropped tee for shopping trip with  daughter Everly
Absolutely smashing! Tallia Storm teases at her cleavage in sizzling athleisure inspired jumpsuit as she leads the style at WTA pre-Wimbledon party
'We're so proud': Little Mix become the first female artists to win Best Live Act at the coveted Silver Clef awards 
Not even time can come between them! Brooke Shields, 52, sizzles in Calvin Klein knickers... 37 years after rocketing to stardom with brand
'Everyone thought I was a nightmare': Judy Murray reveals pressure of raising two tennis champions (and admits she 'needed' Andy to win Wimbledon)
Michelle Heaton takes the plunge in a pink pastel dress with a lace trim as she puts in an appearance at Wind in the Willows press night
Lady Victoria Hervey commands attention as she showcases her honed pins in flirty purple mini dress for Tatler's English Roses bash
Claudia Winkleman looks chic in polka dot shirt and pink loafers at play press night... after confessing that she is 'addicted' to looking 'really orange'
Jacqui Ritchie shows her kooky side in Seventies-inspired dungarees emblazoned with butterfly prints
SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Keira Knightley's treasure chest hits £12.5m: Accounts suggest personal business made £1m profit in a year
SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Emma Thompson's barking pop video: Actress dances as she sings Who Let The Dogs Out during Greek holiday
'I needed to be my own person': Love Island newbie Rob Lipsett on the rebound from six-year relationship with social media star ex... as he makes debut
Pupils only learned there were two world wars from watching Downton Abbey, says show creator Julian Fellowes
'I look forward to the day when it's different': The X-Files star Gillian Anderson irritated by show's behind-the-scenes gender inequality
'Sometimes I love you just isn't enough': Michael Buble gets emotional about his family in first public appearance since his son's cancer diagnosis
'Boat day with the family': Harry Kane's girlfriend Kate Goodland showcases her incredible post-baby body as she enjoys Bajan break
Is it farewell, Adele, soul queen supreme? ADRIAN THRILLS sees a big pop spectacular at Wembley stadium 
From boho to hobo chic! Jordan Barrett wears stained shirt and hotel slippers as he walks down the streets of New York with brunette woman
EOTB star Rogan O'Connor claims his 'sex mad' ex Jess Shears DID sleep with Love Island co-star Milke Thalassitis after leaving the villa
The big names lining up for a blockbuster King Lear: Anthony Hopkins, Emma Thompson and Jim Broadbent 
'I want to f*** you!' Kelly Brook's ex David McIntosh sleeps with Celebrity Big Brother star Tiffany Pollard on the FIRST night of dating show Famously Single
Pregnant Chanelle Hayes shows off her bump in a red bikini as she cools down with a dip in the pool... before getting some inspiration from baby names book
Cute canine! Caitlyn Jenner goes casual cool in grey jumper as she cradles new puppy Bertha during shopping trip in Malibu
It's on! Amber Rose, 33, holds hands with rumored beau 21 Savage, 24, as they head out of Catch in West Hollywood
Before and after! Heidi Klum goes from makeup-free to heavily painted in stunning sped-up Instagram video as she sits in the AGT glam room
'The most flattering skinny boyfriend jean!': Khloe Kardashian is back to plugging her Good American line after being spoiled on 33rd birthday
Off-duty chic! Leggy model Jessica Hart flaunts her trim pins in denim daisy dukes as she strolls through New York City
Pin parade! Vanessa Hudgens shows off her slender dancer's legs in tiny pair of black shorts as she steps out in Studio City
Upping the wattage! Naomi Watts wears bright purple dress and dark shades to promote her new Netflix series Gypsy
Claire Foy's over the moon about her stellar solar role: Actress to star as Neil Armstrong's wife in new movie First Man 
Twinning! Kristen Stewart and girlfriend Stella Maxwell both show off toned abs in crop tops and ripped jeans at LAX
Bella Hadid vamps it up in a sexy black gown before stunning in a regal ruffled bridal-inspired wedding dress for jaw-dropping photoshoot in Venice
Chilling out in La La Land! Emma Stone keeps it simple in black top and blue jeans while on stroll through leafy LA neighborhood
James Stunt's Rolls Royce leaves Petra Ecclestone's £100m mansion as he heads to £9,000 a week rental home after court evicted him
'This time last week we were drinking coconut mojitos': Ex-Eastenders star Louisa Lytton shows off her lean bikini figure as she shares her post-Bali blues
SPOILER ALERT: 'For me it was all real': Love Island's Camilla tearfully admits she misses beau Jonny as he confesses he regrets kissing Tyla Carr so quickly
EXCLUSIVE: 'She gets jealous of me with other girls!' Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves shares a kiss with his personal trainer 'sister' Danni Levy in Spain
Buckle up for a joyride: Fast, furious and with a stonking soundtrack, this gripping getaway caper gives Tarantino a run for his money  
EXCLUSIVE: Court blow for James Stunt as gay butler wins latest battle over claims Petra Ecclestone's ex called him a 'lady-hater' and spat on him
Why IS everybody hooked on Love Island? Sportsmen and rockers are among the millions addicted to the raunchy dating show that's dominating TV ratings
'She's the greatest woman alive': Hugh Jackman, 48, reveals he never spends more than two weeks away from 'amazing' wife Deborra-Lee Furness, 61, 
The dog days of summer! Leggy Martha Hunt shows off toned tummy as she takes her pooch out for a walk wearing denim mini skirt
Keeping it classy! Rumer Willis shows off her svelte physique in flirty LBD as she steps out in black and gold flats
Driverless cars are dull ... a Little Red Corvette sets hearts racing: Christopher Stevens Reviews Last Night's TV
Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock goes topless for racy Instagram snap as she shows off her washboard stomach and peachy posterior during sun-soaked break
Netflix bows to fan pressure and resurrects the Wachowskis' canceled sci-fi drama Sense8 for two-hour finale
Happy as can be! Ivanka Trump flashes a huge smile as she heads to work in a skin-tight white shirt, after sharing adorable snap of youngest son Teddy
Corinne Olympios was 'victimized' by public and it was her decision not to return to Bachelor In Paradise she says in new interview - but no apology for DeMario
She's a real work of art! Ladylike Kate channels Jackie O chic in a Gucci tweed dress as she arrives to open the new wing at London's V&A
Strike a pose! Rebel Wilson rocks denim jacket and plunging black dress as she fronts the campaign for her new X Angels plus-size clothing range
Abs-olutely ripped! Paris Jackson shows off toned tummy in a bandeau bra at lunch with a guy pal after starring in the xx's new music video
Hey Good(man) Lookin'! Reality star Chloe displays her eye-popping cleavage and peachy derriere in daring swimsuit on break with sister Lauryn
'You're all f**king lunatics': Niall Horan takes part in VERY bizarre interview with Kyle and Jackie O... talking about porn and public urinals
Billy Elliot stage star is the best Spider-Man yet: BRIAN VINER on the web-slinging summer blockbuster 
Fergie's night on the town: Duchess of York can't resist cosying up to man of the moment Julian Fellowes at his Wind in the Willows opening night
'You were always strong': Frank Bruno's daughter reveals how proud she is of him for battling through his struggle with bipolar to walk her down the aisle
'We are sorry!': Kendall and Kylie Jenner insist they meant no 'disrespect' after backlash over using  Biggie, Tupac and Ozzy on $125 shirts
'Niall Horan is not my boyfriend!': Noah Cyrus denies she's dating former One Direction star... but remains coy about her relationship status
'Go to sleep!' Madonna shares sweet family snap as she sucks her thumb during nap time with children David, 11, and four-year-old twins Esther & Stella
'Young love': Pink reveals her secret crush on Jon Bon Jovi and admits she had a tantrum at eight when he married his wife Dorothea
Last minute leg work! Hilaria Baldwin enjoys pool-side yoga the day before vow renewal with Alec to mark five-year anniversary
ABS-olutely fit! Scout Willis highlights her toned midriff in figure-hugging leggings and a sports bra for workout session
Lottie Moss shows off her tan lines in a sizzling black minidress before slipping into an opulent 80s-inspired printed gown for photoshoot in Venice
Shedding some light on her assets! Demi Lovato shares arresting image where her chest is highlighted in a plunging silver gown
'It's a huge production to massage her': Hollywood masseuse known for biting lets rip on Mariah Carey's diva antics
Put down the phone! Heavily pregnant Whitney Port looks very distracted as she texts away while walking to a coffee shop in LA
Lily Allen gets the goat after promising to eat one of the animals live on TV if the Queen's Speech passed... which it has
Brilliant singing... but Billie's a bore: Tragic Holiday is brought to life in Lady Day At Emerson's Bar & Grill 
Rocking her Canadian tuxedo! Supermodel Gigi Hadid wears denim-on-denim outfit with tiny red tank top in New York City
Benedict Cumberbatch straps in to film high-wire aerial stunts on the set of Avengers: Infinity War amid chaotic battle scenes 
Under my umbrella! Reese Witherspoon sports weather motif patterned dress for errands run with son Deacon, 13
Supermarket chic! Newlywed Miranda Kerr treats Whole Foods aisles like her own catwalk - and flashes her rock - in Vogue video
TOWIE's James Argent proudly displays his newly slimline physique in summery ensemble as he steps out for lunch date in London
Shedding for the wedding! Julianne Hough flaunts incredibly toned tummy in a skimpy workout top just weeks before she's set to marry
'We shouldn't just see 15-year-old bodies': Former teen model Brooke Shields, 52, has banned her daughters from industry until they finish college
Good news for Cold Feet fans as Adam shares a passionate kiss with landlady Tina while cast reunite for filming in rManchester ahead of seventh series
'Just heard the sad news': Britney Spears pays touching tribute to super fan who died at age 32
That's a lot of leg! Jennifer Lopez, 47, flashes toned stem in image for new song Ni Tu Ni Yo - the first single from her Spanish-language album
EastEnders' Harry Reid puffs on a vape as he heads out in London with close pal and on-screen brother Jamie Borthwick
Sam Faiers flaunts cleavage in plunging top as sister Billie showcases incredible post-baby body in lycra on day out in Essex
The Great British Fake Off? Defiant Paul Hollywood shares cosy snap with new GBBO co-judge Prue Leith... amid reports she 'can't stand' the show veteran
PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Tiffany Watson flaunts serious sideboob in skimpy red swimwear as she joins sizzling pals Lucy Watson and Nicola Hughes in Barcelona
'Jungle-style!': Dwayne Johnson unveils fast-paced trailer for Jumanji reboot with Kevin Hart, Karen Gillan and Jack Black
She's a California girl! Gwen Stefani models a statement T-shirt from her home state as she dresses down in Beverly Hills
'He tried it raw!': Chris Pratt's cute son Jack, four, holds a big barracuda after his proud dad teaches him how to fish
'I knew it wouldn't be easy': Lily Collins reflects on the response to her dramatic weight loss for new role as anorexia sufferer... as she dazzles in shoot
'We were in a bubble': Penny Lancaster discusses renewing her vows to Rod Stewart in intimate Essex ceremony after ten years of marriage
Megan Fox flashes sports bra beneath ultra-sheer top for yoga session... after Frederick's of Hollywood shoot
Richard Hammond hits back after racing driver says his 120mph supercar crash during filming 'wouldn't have happened to a professional' 
'It's fun to have a really good group of chicks': Kelly Rowland attributes success to the 'powerful female friendships' ... including her bond with Beyoncé
'Did pubic hair go extinct while I wasn't looking?' Naked Attraction returns to Channel 4 with a whopping 363 vagina close-ups
Eva Longoria displays her curves in plunging blouse underneath her baggy tracksuit as she tucks into a delicious slice of cake on set in Canada
From wild child to domestic goddess: Drew Barrymore reveals she's spending her summer packing lunches for her kids and barbecuing chicken
'We will not let anyone or anything stop us!': Marvel unveils first trailer for Inhumans TV series
Definitely no flop! Tarek El Moussa is renting newly constructed bachelor pad in Newport Beach for $15,000 A MONTH
Kate reveals she was BANNED from the Wimbledon final when she was pregnant as she shares hilarious tales about her family's faux pas 
Here's looking at you, Charles! A VERY windswept Camilla gazes lovingly at the Prince as they battle the elements after touching down in Canada
Ready, aim, fire! Ariel Winter covers up in yellow trousers and a white bodysuit to shoot gun during target practice
No wonder he couldn't resist her! Love Island's Tyla sizzles in skimpy lingerie shoot as Jonny dumps heart-broken Camilla Thurlow for her in SHOCK episode
'She certainly doesn't like being second best': Rihanna's new romance with Hassan Jameel 'is the reason behind feud with his rumoured ex Naomi Campbell'
Disgraced Dance Moms star Abby Lee Miller's 'surrender date' for her one-year prison sentence has been postponed
'Christina laughed!' Flip or Flop's Tarek El Moussa changes the name of his boat to 'Bad Decisions'
'This is like a movie': Childhood sweethearts tie the knot in the FIRST wedding at The View on The Shard live on This Morning leaving viewers (and Holly) in tears
'It's called extreme FOMO': Hannibal Buress pranks Spider-Man premiere by sending an imposter in his place
'You're funny babe!' Jamie Oliver baffles social media after posting surprise comment to pop star Lorde on Instagram
'I was just lying there, naked in torn underwear': Big Little Lies star Nicole Kidman says she was bruised and 'humiliated' after shocking sex scenes
Chuc Pamela Anderson flaunts her curves as she enjoys a day in St Tropez with son Brandon, 21... after a series of cosy dates with 'beau' Adil Rami
Bachelor In Paradise resumes filming in Mexico as it's revealed contestants 'have to seek permission from producers before having sex'
He's got a Ticket to Ride! Beatles icon Sir Paul McCartney, 75, enjoys casual train ride 'without bodyguards and entourage'... (but he is in first class!)
It's about to get a lot hotter on Love Island: Couples face the ultimate test as 11 sizzling singletons descend on the villa and the camp is split into two
Klum remains shtum: Downcast Vito Schnabel looks sheepish after being pictured kissing mystery brunette... as girlfriend Heidi stays mum
Lucy Mecklenburgh and 'beau' Ryan Thomas keep a low profile as they return to London... after being pictured together for first time on idyllic Grecian getaway
Petra Ecclestone and billionaire husband to divorce: 'Abusive' James Stunt swears at her father Bernie and makes gun gesture during courtroom battle
Victoria's Secret beauties Taylor Hill and Romee Strijd prove their model physiques in figure-hugging denim as they step out in NYC
Long night? Casually-clad Kristen Stewart and supermodel girlfriend Stella Maxwell look exhausted following night out in West Hollywood
Making an A-Rod for your own back? Jennifer Lopez's beau Alex Rodriguez seen having a heated discussion with a female pal on the streets of NYC
Age-defying Monica Bellucci, 52, puts on a busty display in plunging black dress as she steps out for On The Milky Road photocall in Madrid
Let's get physical: Nina Dobrev shows off her toned figure in a fluorescent pink sports bra as she pumps iron in a workout video for Reebok
Sex-cerising! Chanelle McCleary flashes her bodacious bottom and skimpy thong in a TINY mini-skirt as she leads Big Brother housemates in raunchy workout
Itsy bitsy yellow bikini: Slim Anna Faris flaunts her surgically-enhanced assets as she strips down to very skimpy two piece to film beach scene for Overboard
She's barely aged a day! Ex-Home and Away star Christie Hayes, 30, can STILL fit into her Summer Bay school dress 12 years and two kids later
'We are madly in love': Vanderpump Rules stars Tom Schwartz and Katie Maloney hit back at divorce rumors...nearly a year after wedding
Dressed to kill: Kirstie Allsopp 'loves her new slim figure' but admits she hates her 'big feet' (and shares tips on best designer buys for longer toes)
Want to taco 'bout it? Belly-baring Kylie Jenner and Travis Scott both wear RINGS on wedding hand as they hit Mexican eatery for lunch
'No after party': Laidback Sofia Richie rocks statement sweater and ripped jeans as she steps out for dinner in West Hollywood
Black to the future? Katy Perry flaunts bizarre 90s urban vibes in a monochrome Adidas tracksuit as she confidently saunters through Sydney airport
I will survive! Emilia Clarke drops MAJOR spoiler on the fate of her Game Of Thrones character in magazine interview
The truth behind the man everyone seems to hate: How James Stunt terrified his wife Petra and left his father-in-law 'aghast' as he created a public persona with his 'billionaire' claims
Meet Rumi and Sir Carter! Beyonce and Jay Z's twin names revealed as couple file trademarks 
'Birthday bunny!': Cheryl shares a glamorous selfie to celebrate her 34th birthday as she thanks fans for making her feel 'so special' in gushing post
Five in a bed! New Love Islands contestants make themselves comfortable squeezing together in  spooning challenge
'I want to f**k you!' Love Island's Montana gets passionate under the covers with 'smoking hot' newbie Alex after admitting he 'ticks all the boxes'
Look away, Amber! Love Island's Kem Cetinay shares a steamy kiss with newbie Chyna Ellis in bed... after offering to suck glamour model Danielle Sellers' third NIPPLE
Ex-TOWIE star Jessica Wright flashes her bralet in a lace blouse and green miniskirt as she makes a return to the London party scene following LA trip
Chris Moyles shows off his staggering five-stone weight loss as he cosies up to his pretty girlfriend Tiffany Austin at BST Hyde Park concert   
Mel B has squandered $50 MILLION fortune she earned as a Spice Girl, court is told as she fights bitter divorce battle with estranged husband 
Charlotte Dawson flaunts her pert posterior in a racy semi-sheer dress as she celebrates Desperate Scousewives star Amanda Harrington's birthday in style
Brooklyn Beckham gets snap happy as he hosts photography book signing in Manchester... attended by hordes of excited female fans
Sandra Bullock's stalker released from mental health facility... as actress is granted permanent restraining order
Billionaire James Stunt FINALLY leaves his £100m marital home - in a convoy of Rolls Royce, Lamborghini and a Range Rover and clutching two china cats
'We've never seen him so in love': Sean Bean, 58, marries for FIFTH time as he exchanges vows with Ashley Moore, 32, in romantic ceremony in Dorset
Oh yes, she (Ha)did! Model Bella stuns in sultry nude selfie as she delights fans with her VERY revealing display during her trip to Venice
Make-up free Lindsay Lohan sports very smooth complexion in off-the-shoulder swimsuit as she returns to Greece... one year after beach altercation with ex-fiancé in Mykonos
Celebrating something, ladies? As James Stunt leaves her £100m home, Petra Ecclestone and sister Tamara head to the Dorchester for a family bash 
Grecian goddess Uma Thurman, 47, wows in plunging ivory gown as she picks up lifetime achievement gong at Czech film festival
Bella Hadid flaunts her endless legs in showstopping black velvet strapless gown as she leads the glamour at star-studded Bulgari party in Venice
Linda Carter was back. Mick's  missus returned to Walford from Watford with a twisted secret. But Robbie Jackson's comeback was an even bigger disaster, writes JIM SHELLEY
'He said all the right things': Camilla clicks with tattooed new boy Craig as Love Island's fresh faces make their mark with steamy kissing challenge
Paying attention Alex?Lottie Moss dons bridal inspired gown as she steps out at Bulgari bash in Venice
Weighing in! Blac Chyna celebrates shedding 52lbs... as she shares her grueling post-baby workout
'This is my first Instagram ever!': Kim Kardashian reminisces about her early years of Internet stardom on Social Media Day
Justin Bieber dons fruity pink shirt for relaxed stroll with female pals in the south of France
Welcome (back) to the jungle! Scarlett Moffatt covers her curves in huge camo jacket... as she steps out for first time since her new TV show was AXED
Kristin Cavallari shows off her legs in miniskirt as she reveals she has given parenting advice to Hills co-stars Audrina and Heidi... but not Lauren
'He was tired of acting as a nanny for her kids': Kerry Katona has split from third husband George Kay after three years of marriage following 'string of rows'
Hawaii Five-0 veterans Daniel Dae Kim and Grace Park will not return for season eight following pay dispute
Mindy Kaling parts ways with Hollywood Hills home overlooking Sunset Strip for $1.61 million
'This show is close to my heart': Jennifer Lopez, 47, says she's 'proud' her series World Of Dance has been picked up for second season
Jay Z disses Halle Berry's cheating ex Eric Benet on 4:44... as he admits to nearly losing Beyonce after he strayed
Having a ball! Romeo Beckham, 14, shows off his sporting skills as he takes to the court at Aspall Tennis Classic match in London
Berry nice! Halle stuns in sheer floral dress... after Jay-Z disses her cheating ex Eric Benet in new track
C'est la vie! Sofia Richie gives glam a day off as she wears oversized T-shirt and leggings to enjoy a French lunch in West Hollywood
Michael Jackson's father Joe Jackson rushed to hospital after car crash in Las Vegas
The rise of 'designer nipples': Surgeon reports huge surge in patients wanting a 'nipple tuck' so they can wear see-through shirts like Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid
Former TOWIE star Maria Fowler shows off her killer abs in khaki green bikini as she hits the beach with partner Kelvin Batey and baby daughter Evie in Greece
'You tramp!' Adele surprises fans at sold-out gig as she slams Love Island star Gabby Allen for sleeping with Marcel Somerville... but admits she's still a fan
Now The Doors take action: Kylie and Kendall Jenner hit with ANOTHER cease and desist after featuring band on unauthorised shirts
Back to the Big Apple: Princess Beatrice flies back to New York for work after week of glittering society events in London
Heidi Montag wears neon pink sports bra as husband Spencer Pratt kisses her baby bump during hike in Colorado
'She's going to hate this': Nicola Roberts marks Cheryl's 34th birthday with a VERY cheeky throwback picture... but Liam's yet to mark the milestone
'I can't get out! I'm stuck!': Gerard Butler posts hilarious video of himself getting lost in a 'spooky' garden maze
Rita Ora flaunts her tanned and toned legs in a tiny opulent beaded skirt and white slogan T-shirt as she turns heads during chic outing in Paris
'That's like cheating': Nice guy Marcel Somerville passionately snogs new girl Shannen... just THREE DAYS after asking Gabby to be his girl
Not Beverly Hills, 90210: Purple-haired Tori Spelling heads to discount store Target with husband and kids amid crippling financial woes
BAE-watch! Love Island's Tyla Carr sizzles in a one piece as she poses for photoshoot... but could she be set to move on from Jonny as new hunks enter villa? 
It's a royal washout! Charles and Camilla are met with heavy rain as they touch down in Ontario - after a VERY windswept start to their Canada tour
Celebrity photographer Mario Testino and Kim Kardashian's favourite makeup artist Charlotte Tilbury join Derek Blasberg and Hikari Yokoyama on the culture committee of historic A-list haunt Annabel's
'Working on a secret project!' Diva Victoria Beckham rocks sunglasses and silk gown monogrammed with her own initials in sassy snap
This is what Britney Spears does when she can't sleep: Singer wears micro shorts as she rearranges furniture in Singapore hotel room with bodyguard
Bill Cosby shares victorious tweets saying a judge has dismissed 'most' of the claims filed against him by one of his sexual assault accusers
'What unemployment looks like!' Madonna grips her hat with her teeth as she takes thrilling golf cart ride with daughters Stella and Mercy
Good mommy! Reese Witherspoon shows off toned legs in checkered blue dress after buying son Deacon a donut pool toy
Alec Baldwin and wife Hilaria step out in the Hamptons with their kids hours before vow renewal...and daughter Ireland joins them
'I would break the scales... I'm miserable': Chanelle Hayes has a SICK bucket during interview to talk 'high-risk' pregnancy as she vomits 40 TIMES a day
Clint Eastwood's daughter Francesca shows off a hint of cleavage in lacy backless blouse as she parties up a storm with billionaire Justin Murdock
'He told me to have an abortion': Kathryn Dennis claims ex Thomas Ravenel urged her terminate both pregnancies in Southern Charm reunion clip 
Katie Price cosies up to recently booted-out Big Brother contestant Lotan Carter... as she struggles to contain her VERY ample assets in plunging corset catsuit
'I would prolly die with all the shame': Jay-Z apologises to Beyonce as he appears to 'admit to cheating' in several new songs... and 'Becky' even gets a mention
Leo Messi rolls out the red carpet (yes RED carpet) for his wedding guests as stars including singer Shakira arrive to see Barcelona star marry his childhood sweetheart 
'She had an affair': Love Island newbie Craig Lawson's family hit back at his ex-fiancée's claims that he 'ditched their young son to enter villa'... as it is revealed he is Amy Childs' cousin
Desperate Big Brother sinks to new lows in an attempt to claw back Love Island's ratings lead... as Chanelle shows how to put a condom on a BANANA
Emma Willis shows off her casual style as she steps out in London in a quirky pair of leopard print shoes... after rocking blue suit for Big Brother hosting duties
'It was a s**t storm': Will Ferrell confirms Mariah Carey was late to set, refused to do a scene and demanded stuffed toys before her movie cameo was scrapped
'I was protecting myself': Calvin Harris defends snapping at ex-girlfriend Taylor Swift after their split... as he felt like his talent was being 'belittled'
Bikini-clad Coleen Rooney shows off her curves as she splashes in the sea with her children on a relaxed family holiday in Ibiza
'Vacay all day': Lea Michele highlights her perky derriere and toned legs in bright blue bathing suit during Hawaiian holiday
Someone's happy! Jennifer Aniston giggles and clutches Justin Theroux's hand as they leave party
'Tabloid legend': Kim Kardashian is seen in early days of fame - before she wore couture and flew private jets - in rare snap from 2008 with Kourtney
'They all look the same': Love Island viewers slam show's unoriginal new line-up for lacking in diversity as four out of the five girls are ALL blonde
Showing him what he's missing! Love Island's Chloe Crowhurst flaunts her toned midriff and endless legs as Jon Clark DENIES that the pair are back on
Corrie stars mourn Street superfan killed in Manchester bombing as he is laid to rest in a coffin bearing pictures of his soap heroes
Jorgie Porter flaunts her ample assets in unbuttoned baseball shirt and flashes her toned legs in skimpy nude ensemble for sizzling shoot in LA 
A one-woman fashion show! Paris Hilton pulls a Britney Spears by trying on EIGHT sexy outfits in her mansion for Snapchat followers
Helping them say I do! Amy Schumer gives unsuspecting couple a day to remember when she photobombs their wedding pictures in London
'They confuse me with her security guard!': Alex Rodriguez admits Jennifer Lopez's fans don't know who he is and it's been 'humbling'
Sold! Rob Kardashian sells Calabasas home for $2.44m...over one year after Kris Jenner 'helped' him buy it
Poldark beauty Eleanor Tomlinson put on a leggy display in thigh-skimming lace dress as she swaps the Cornwall coast for Wimbledon tennis event
He's back! Ryan Reynolds is in full Wade Wilson makeup as he films Deadpool 2 in the rain
Hello sunshine! Katie Holmes keeps it casual in blue jeans and black top as she grabs coffee 
Braless Nicole Scherzinger almost spills out of her dress... as she appears VERY worse-for-wear after grinding on scantily-clad woman on wild night
'I went deeper into the fog': Una Healey bravely discusses battle with postnatal depression which left her 'wearing same robe for six weeks'
Catherine Tyldesley cuts a chic figure as she steps out in a sexy leather midi skirt and cleavage-baring shirt with husband Tom Pitfield
'It's like a whoopee cushion!' JP grapples with heavily pregnant Binky's 'granny pants' as he gives her pre-labour massage in new Born In Chelsea trailer
More money woes for bankrupt Boris Becker as tennis star lands his THIRD parking ticket in a week... just four days after his £65k Maserati is towed
'I love WR': Kai Rooney, seven, writes an adorable coded message to his father Wayne on his arm... as he goes on a family trip to the seaside in Ibiza
Lily Collins looks much slimmer at To The Bone screening with Keanu Reeves... after admitting she shocked friends and family with her weight-loss for anorexia role
Park Life! Billie Faiers proves she's a fun mum as she enjoys day at playground with daughter Nelly, 2, while flaunting figure in gym gear
'Legends should be respected!' Paris Jackson slams Kendall and Kylie Jenner as sisters issue apology for unauthorized use of Notorious B.I.G's image
A family affair! Belgium's royals come together to celebrate Queen Paola's birthday - and adorable baby Anna makes her first public appearance
'Wouldn't I?' Holly Willoughby covers up her famous cleavage in baggy t-shirt for cheeky bathroom selfie.... after fans question 'where her curves have gone'
Love Island newcomer Danielle Sellers flaunts her cleavage in an oversized Playboy shirt and velvet bikini... as 11 new contestants descend on the villa
'He wants to go on a date': Katy Perry INSISTS One Direction star Niall Horan 'won't stop flirting with her'... after he claimed he 'just wants to be her friend'
Revealed: How Rihanna's new man's uncle abducted his British daughter, 9 and fought court case over reports linking him to Osama bin Laden
Look away now, Megan! TOWIE star Pete Wicks poses for photos with a bevy of bikini-clad women as he enjoys a pool party in Magaluf solo
She's still got it! Reese Witherspoon, 41, sizzles in black bathing suit with fur coat draped over her shoulder as she poses for photo shoot in LA
Inseparable! Make-up free Kylie Jenner looks VERY different from her saucy social media snaps as she holds hands with beau Travis Scott on dinner date
Back to work: Khloe Kardashian poses seductively in a barely-there bodysuit as she plugs her line... after enjoying a long weekend celebrating her 33rd
Glaston-bleary: David Beckham is exhausted and emotional at his first Glasto experience... but giddy Victoria shows no signs of slowing down during Ed Sheeran's set
Justin Bieber's protégée Madison Beer flaunts her toned tummy in sexy bralette as she makes leggy exit in tiny skirt after dinner in LA
Oh Jim! Claire Danes cracks up as she films A Boy Named Jake with funnyman Parsons 
'Shortest subscription ever!' Mark Ronson signs up to Tidal... only to be told he can't listen to new Jay Z album
Kevin Hart's pregnant wife Eniko Parrish flaunts her blossoming baby bump as she cools off in the sea in a skimpy floral bikini in Palm Beach
'My manhood is unused for something supposed to be worth £12m!' BB's Lotan Carter insists he isn't getting any action... and regrets over THAT exit
Pamela Anderson enjoys yet another dinner date with French footballer Adil Rami... as their rumoured romance continues to heat up in St Tropez
'I could smell my eyebrows!' Game Of Thrones star Eugene Simon reveals how he found humour in his character Lancel's fiery death scene
Rita Ora shows off dad-inspired fashion as she wears sensible socks and sandals combination for her arrival at the BBC Radio 2 studios 
Lady in love! Actress Chrissy Metz looks stunning in scarlet dress as she poses with hunky boyfriend Josh Stancil at Television Academy event
Mummy means business! Corrie's Helen Flanagan power dresses in fitted blazer as she cradles daughter Matilda after celebrating her 2nd birthday
Rihanna's billionaire beau Hassan Jameel 'flew life-size bear half way around the world on an empty jet to woo her'... as she reveals to friends she's 'in love'
Celebrating in the sun! Olivia Munn shrugs off Aaron Rodgers split to enjoy 37th birthday in a teeny bikini at a lavish villa in Turks and Caicos
He's made a boob: Leo DiCaprio's model 'ex' Roxy Horner flashes a hint of leg in biker-style jumpsuit as ex TOWIE star Vas Morgan cups her cleavage
Miley Cyrus is surprised by her family with a funky renovated barn in her hometown of Tennessee... as her doting dad Billy Ray shows off his mullet
Rolling Stones icon Keith Richards, 73, is pictured for the first time since death of former flame Anita Pallenberg as he heads to recording studio
'Let's all shed some blood together!' Katy Perry reveals plans to get new tattoo with her tour crew... and says talks about her radical reinvention 
He's got your back! Jennifer Lopez is supported by boyfriend Alex Rodriguez as she films dramatic hospital scene on the set of Shades Of Blue
They could be sisters! Lady Kitty Spencer is joined by her VERY glamorous mother Victoria Aitken at Tatler's English Roses 2017 party
Girls just wanna have fun! Love Island star Tina Stinnes goes wild as she bares her sideboob in very short green mini dress with Lady Nadia Essex
Serena Williams' coach reveals he was angry she didn't tell him about her pregnancy ahead of her Australian Open win and casts doubt on her return
She's the main attraction! Queen Maxima is fabulous in fuchsia as she's greeted by hundreds of adoring wellwishers in The Netherlands 
Louis Tomlinson's girlfriend Eleanor Calder shows off her flat stomach in a crop top... as she makes return to the public months after 1D star's airport brawl
Looking more than al-white! Braless Bianca Gascoigne puts on an eye-popping display in a plunging trouser suit during night out on the town
Chloe Sims flashes her eye-popping cleavage in a VERY plunging scarlet jumpsuit as she storms TINGS magazine launch party in London
The cheek of her! Tyga's 'ex' Demi Rose flaunts her hourglass curves in red PVC lingerie for steamy photoshoot 
Her good luck charm! Sam Taylor-Johnson, 50, brings younger hubby Aaron, 27, to premiere of her Netflix series Gypsy
Model behaviour: Off-duty Winnie Harlow is effortlessly chic as she leaves the Rum Kitchen in London with Jourdan Dunn who teases in a skimpy vest top
Ariana Grande performs on a stationary bike in Rio to sold out crowd as she resumes world tour after devastating Manchester attack 
The kid is alright! Annette Bening spends the day shopping with teenage daughter Ella in Los Angeles
That could've been awkward! Pete Wentz's model girlfriend Meagan Camper narrowly avoids wardrobe malfunction while on family outing
Move over Kate and Pippa. Socially ambitious hotel heiresses with royal pals have business savvy.... and a VERY determined mother
Director Ron Howard posts picture of his shoes from his first day on set of Han Solo movie...as he 'dare' not reveal more about Stars Wars spin-off
Raiding Kendall's closet? Macho rapper A$AP Rocky wears model girlfriend Jenner's 'We Should All Be Feminists' T-shirt
Russell Crowe, Monica Lewinsky and Skeletor join hundreds of celebrities wishing happy birthday to bullied boy after dad's Twitter plea
'I want to truly live': Andrew Garfield and Claire Foy star in first trailer for Breathe... as it's picked to open the London Film Festival in October
She's still got it! Janice Dickinson, 62, is a sight to behold as she goes makeup free at posh hair salon
Such a stunner! Alessandra Ambrosio flaunts long legs in thigh-skimming white mini dress in Brazil
Forever our girl! Busty Paula Abdul, 55, shows off acrobatic dance moves on Michigan stop of The Total Package Tour
What a bag, lady! Elle Fanning shows her trendy style in oversized high rise jeans while carrying large duffel after leaving a studio in Los Angeles
Bon Appetit! Katy Perry wears electric blue eighties-inspired leather ensemble as she eats a biscuit on stage while announcing her Australian tour
Hello petal! Naomi Watts delights in embroidered floral frock at Netflix screening in NYC
'Hey Justin Bieber, tired of being a loser?' Ben Stiller reprises Dodgeball's White Goodman in celeb challenge for charity event
'She has embarrassed me in front of the whole world': Niall Horan says he is mortified after being shut down by Katy Perry and insists he was NOT trying to flirt 
Nice swing, dad! Mike Tindall plays a round with his gorgeous daughter Mia at charity golf event (and the three-year-old even has the royally good manners to clean up the bunkers)
Harry Kane gets engaged to girlfriend Kate Goodland to cap off stunning year for Tottenham Hotspur striker
Ab-baring Emily Ratajkowski braves the risk of a wardrobe mishap... as she sizzles in a double denim ensemble that sits daringly around her bust
Leggy Jennifer Lopez puts on a sizzling display in a bejewelled gown slashed to the hips... as she is joined by besotted boyfriend Alex Rodriguez backstage at her New York concert
EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't want to be boobs hanging out every time': Jodie Marsh reveals her plans to undergo a breast reduction... as she claims she 'feels sorry' for those addicted to surgery
Pedal power! From Victoria Pendleton to Miley and Madonna... The A-list are leaping on their bikes and inspiring a wave of people to take up cycling
Busty Chloe Goodman puts on a sizzling display as she flaunts her assets in a plunging snakeskin swimsuit while soaking up the sunshine in LA
'She seems quite taken by him': 'Hot felon' Jeremy Meeks 'frolics' aboard luxury yacht with British heiress Chloe Green... as wife Melissa Meeks shares emotional Instagram post
Watch out Rio! Kate Wright displays her famous assets in plunging lilac maxi dress... after catching newly-wed pal's wedding bouquet
'She thought they'd be spending more time together, not less': Victoria Beckham 'upset over increasing time apart' from David as they are 'swamped by work commitments'
'Why did you have to do this with your top off?' Love Island star Jessica Shears faces backlash from fans after posting a teeth whitening ad topless
Slender Holly Willoughby shows off her svelte new figure in a striped blue skirt as she joins fellow face of Garnier Fearne Cotton in support of Unicef
You're a long way from Essex! TOWIE star Megan McKenna sports cowboy boots as she attempts to launch a new career as a country singer for latest TV show in Nashville
Movie critic Barry Norman - who presented BBC's long-running cinema show Film... for 26 years - dies aged 83
Cara Delevingne shows off her flawless complexion as she continues to rock cute pixie cut at Valerian and the City of A Thousand Planets press conference
'She expected the cameras to switch off, but they just kept rolling!' Love Island's Jessica Shears admits her own GRAN watched onscreen romp with Dominic Lever... but she was 'fine' with it
'Wink wink': Perrie Edwards sets pulses racing yet again on Instagram with a very sultry display... following THAT sexy snap of her derriere that caused a stir among fans
How Low(e) can you go! Model Daisy flaunts her ample assets in a VERY plunging lace dress... as she cuddles up to BFF Nick Grimshaw 
She's made the cut! The Apprentice UK star Selina Waterman-Smith displays ample curves in cutaway swimsuit as she hits the beach in Dubai
Pink-haired Pixie Lott puts on a leggy display in TINY minidress as she parties with fiancé Oliver Cheshire on sun-soaked holiday in Ibiza
This is her Perfect Moment! Martine McCutcheon puts on an affectionate display with husband Jack McManus as they attend Phill Collins gig at British Summer Time Festival
Golfing with the stars: Denise Van Outen and Ronan Keating tee off for the Celebrity Cup as famous faces are pitted against each other in aid of the Irish singer's cancer charity
Tallia Storm rocks out in a biker jacket and thigh-skimming leather skirt and gets political in a feminist T-shirt as she dines with her sister at The Ivy
She's cheeky! Justin Bieber's 'fling' Sahara Ray grasps her peachy posterior as she squeezes into a skimpy swimsuit for new video
Clearly amazing! Kourtney Kardashian goes braless in clinging top while leaving LA studio with mystery man
Celine Dion oozes Parisian glamour in a pinstripe suit with flamboyant frills as her dramatic image overhaul continues in the French capital
Girls Aloud star Nicola Roberts knocked motorcyclist off his bike 'and hurled abuse at him for denting her £60,000 Porsche' 
Louise Thompson shows off her VERY pert bottom in tiny bikini bottoms as she cosies up to Ryan Libbey in Ibiza on their NINTH holiday of the year
'It's pointless them being on the show': Marnie Simpson and Casey Johnson continue to fuel romance rumours while filming for MTV's Single AF... as fans urge the duo to date each other
'I'm still in awe of him': Alicia Keys gushes over husband Swizz Beats in heartfelt post
Frankie goes to Hollywood! Reality star Essex puts on a leggy display in floral mini-dress as she can barely contain her excitement during trip to LA
Let's get leathered! Lottie Moss catches the eye in edgy biker jacket as she enjoys a late night out with pals
'Love Island gets us in the mood!' Katie Price admits raunchy show spices up her sex life with husband Kieran Hayler...and she won't let him watch it without her
Booty-ful! Jennifer Lopez flaunts famous backside as she twerks in white bodysuit during Fourth of July concert in New York
Just like Hercules! Hugh Jackman shows off his athletic physique in a tight white T-shirt as he holidays with family in Greece
Fire and ice! Bella Hadid flashes cleavage in plunging white dress as she joins scarlet-clad supermodel Lily Aldridge at Bulgari bash in Venice
Gemma Arterton lets her hair down at Britsh Summertime Festival as she puffs on a rolled up cigarette and devours a burger
'He's very objectified in this movie!' Kristen Dunst jokes that Colin Farrell had to be a 'good sport' on the set of the female-fronted film The Beguiled
'Bernie couldn't find any billions... or even millions': As James Stunt - the man everyone seems to hate - leaves £100m home, we reveal how he made 'billionaire' image
Proud of something? Hailey Baldwin flashes her amazing abs in minimalist black sports bra while shopping in New York
Casual flyer! Kourtney Kardashian opts for style with comfort in black and red tracksuit as she jets out of LAX
Hollywood legend Kirk Douglas, 100, takes a relaxed stroll in Beverly Hills... following the success of his second memoir
'Miley has always called me a goth!' Noah Cyrus says she and her famous sister are 'each other's fashion icons'... after backlash over her new tattoos
'He likes her': Big Brother's Lotan Carter enjoys passionate embrace with Made In Chelsea's Daisy Robins at Katie Price's party... as sources say romance is possible
Cosmetically enhanced 'Human Ken Doll' Rodrigo Alves shows off his trim figure in slim-fitting plaid suit as he parties in London
'I want to hang up my jersey before it's embarrassing': 'Fatigued' Robert Downey Jr hints at SHOCK Iron Man exit after seeing Tom Holland's 'bright and enthusiastic' Spiderman
Born to ride: Bruce Springsteen's daughter Jessica soars over jumps on her horse Cynar in the Longines Paris Eiffel Jumping competition
Catching some rays! Glenn Close, 70, hits the beach in bright red-orange bathing suit during sun-soaked Caribbean getaway
Smooth moves? Lorde shows off her VERY unique dancing at Roskilde Festival in Denmark after topping the charts with new album Melodrama
Girls night! Jennifer Garner is full of laughs as she enjoys a night out with a pal in Malibu on two year anniversary of her split from Ben Affleck
Has Nigella lost yet more weight? Famously curvy chef appears far from her usual glamorous self as she strolls through London
 'He does know a lot of the cast': James Lock reveals Love Island's Kem Cetinay COULD join The Only Way Is Essex after hunky hairdresser leaves the villa
Champion! Doting dad Wayne Rooney lifts baby Kit aloft as the family enjoy their summer getaway in Spain before start of the football season
Zoe Ball puts on brave face as she makes rare public appearance following the death of her boyfriend to attend the BST Hyde Park concert
Life's a beach! Justin Bieber displays his chiseled abs while splashing around the South of France
Boss babe! Paris Hilton and boyfriend Chris Zylka share a smooch at LAX before jetting off to Ibiza via London 
Orange crush! Sarah Hyland commands attention in plunging terra cotta dress with slinky backless design
Mo money no problems! Kendall Jenner smiles from ear-to-ear in shoulder-baring top...after Notorious B.I.G. unauthorized T-shirt fiasco
Mel B has squandered her $50 MILLION Spice Girls fortune, court is told as her estranged husband demands she sells $8 million Los Angeles home
Flower power! Jada Pinkett Smith stuns in floral-patterned creation for New Orleans premiere of Girls Trip
'I Do' number two! Hilaria Baldwin dazzles in glittering champagne gown as she and Alec renew their vows in intimate Hamptons ceremony
Going somewhere chilly? Kirsten Dunst wraps up in turtleneck and jeans as she jets out of sweltering LA
Casual day in La La Land! Emma Stone dons all-black including clinging leggings as she sips on coffee after Pilates class in LA
These boots are made for flying! Kendall Jenner dons snakeskin footwear and teal crop top for flight out of LA
Beguiled with baggage! Elle Fanning sports crop top while boarding flight out of LAX with SIX suitcases
One peachy posterior! Chanel Iman flaunts her fine figure in tiny bikini during beach day with boyfriend Sterling Shepard
You're gonna hear her Roar! Katy Perry looks TERRIFIED as she gets up close and personal with a GIANT Python, Komodo dragon and a cuddly wombat on Sunrise
Showing some love to the fans! Katy Perry blows kisses to onlookers as she drops by Australian radio show
Michelle Rodriguez shows off her laid back chic style in quirky striped trousers as she runs errands in Los Angeles
No hiding those legs! Jenna Dewan Tatum shows fit figure in camouflage leggings as she drops daughter Everly off at summer day camp
'I definitely feel he's been stalking me': Mischa Barton cites 'doctored' sex tape in restraining order hearing against ex-boyfriend Adam Spaw
'Hello heaven!': Olivia Munn shows off her pert derriere in green swimsuit on all-girl vacation in Turks & Caicos
Is Ben Cohen taking part in I'm A Celebrity? Ex-Rugby Union ace rumoured to be joining line-up... after costly divorce and falling for Strictly dance partner Kristina Rihanoff
'It means a lot to me': Phil Collins, 66, honoured with the Icon Award at Nordoff Robbins charity gala... as limping singer jokes about looking 'a bit of a shambles'
'I'm heartbroken': Adele CANCELS last two Wembley shows this weekend after damaging her vocal cords as she begs fans to forgive her
Why babies smell lovely, but teenagers pong: Newborns have a pleasant scent so that parents are encouraged to take care of them, research shows 
Feeling relaxed? Casual cool Ryan Gosling is dressed for comfort while leaving acupuncture clinic in LA after promotional tour
Phil Collins belts out his killer vocals as he gives impassioned performance alongside Debbie Harry during BST Hyde Park gig 
Spoiled rotten! Khloe Kardashian sizzles in skin tight bodysuit while carrying $5200 Gucci purse... three days after 33rd birthday blowout
'It's a sorry, not sorry type of thing': Niall Horan reveals he's unapologetic after knocking singer Jessica Mauboy off the top of the iTunes charts
Cheeky Gail Porter suggests that 'Matt Lucas in drag' could play her in a film about her life... as she jokes that she looks like a 'massive baby with boobs' 
Make-up free Naomi Watts is casual chic in black blazer and faded denim... after admitting son is obsessed with her movie The Ring
My, how they've grown! Hugh Jackman and wife Deborra-Lee Furness holiday in Greece with children Ava, 11, and Oscar, 17
'You gave him 20 million without thinkin': New Jay-Z track calls out Kanye West... and seems to confirm rumored massive loan
Sir Cliff spent £280,000 to clear his name after the BBC aired a police raid on his home when he was arrested on child abuse claims 
Model mum! Lily Aldridge and cute daughter Dixie take to gondola for day of sightseeing in Venice 
SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Conservation charity which has Prince Charles as its patron objects to Kensington Palace's £24m basement extension 
SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: In full bloom, English roses come out to play as Keith Richards' granddaughter is the belle of the ball 
Jumpin' Jack cash! Rolling Stones set to pocket £2m from new album
Debbie Harry's hat is fit for a hive as she takes to the stage in Hyde Park 
She's a gem! Newlywed Kenya Moore flaunts sizable sparkler for the first time at Essence Festival in New Orleans
Writing their own love song! Brie Larson and guitar-toting fiance Alex Greenwald are all smiles at airport
NBC cancels The Carmichael Show after three seasons... as creator Jerrod Carmichael says he's 'excited to go make other things'
We should all be rich! Self-professed feminist Demi Lovato steps out in a $700 statement T-shirt at LAX
Don't make him angry! Mark Ruffalo prepares to Hulk out against Iron Man on the set of Avengers: Infinity War (but Robert Downey Jr skips out)
Make-up free Lindsay Lohan sports very smooth complexion in off-the-shoulder swimsuit as she returns to Greece... a year after beach altercation with ex-fiancé in Mykonos
'Feud: Olivia and FX': Olivia de Havilland sues channel and 'Feud' producer Ryan Murphy over her portrayal
'She's one of my best friends:' Katy Perry reveals special bond with fellow pop star Sia... after announcing a 2018 Australian tour
Did Britain's most hated woman SAVE the monarchy? Biographer PENNY JUNOR says Camilla is far from being the mistress who destroyed the Royal Family 
Elizabeth, the gold sovereign: Queen marks 150th anniversary of Canada's formation with platinum maple-leaf brooch her father gave to her mother on first trip there
'Wanna play?' Jennifer Tilly's doll ex goes on murder rampage in an asylum in first trailer for Cult of Chucky
Can I trust my husband when his flirting is like a stab in the heart? 
Back with a bang! The Biggest Loser's Fiona Falkiner debuts sleek new hairdo after returning from South American holiday
'Not a scratch': Michael Jackson's father Joe Jackson 'safe and healthy' after Las Vegas car accident
Ready for the next swimsuit issue? Sports Illustrated cover girl Hailey Clauson flaunts toned abs in pink sports bra while jogging in New York
'Best invention ever!': Ryan Lochte's fiancé Kayla turns to high-tech SNOO bassinet for help with newborn son after falling ill
'He was blow-waving my hair during contractions': Yummy Mummies' Jane Scandizzo reveals celebrity stylist husband pampered her as she gave birth to 'look good in photos'
Scary Spice's £38m blow-out: A £200k armoured car. Three waterfalls for her pool. An £1m island as a pressie for her ex... so THAT'S how Mel B lost her pop fortune 
Dribbles like a don, dances like a donkey! After that very Messi kiss, now world's best footballer Lionel is mocked for his two left feet on the dancefloor 
'You are beautiful inside and out in an extra special way': Paddy McGuinness' wife Christine reveals their four-year-old twins have autism
Let's get physical! Aisleyne Horgan-Wallace suffers a nip slip in VERY daring pink swimsuit as she puts on cheeky display around the pool
Masterchef's Gregg Wallace splashes out on £1million five-bedroom country retreat (and yes, it's got an amazing kitchen) 
Amber and Kem's relationship comes to a shuddering halt on Love Island as they both choose new partners in shock re-coupling... which saw SEVEN of the islanders eliminated
'If it happened everything I thought was special wasn't to her': Love Island's Dom would DITCH Jess if she confirms romp with Mike... but hints he was  thinking about proposing
Dua Lipa flaunts her fantastic figure in a yellow bra... while Tove Lo and Anne Marie put on similarly busty displays as they perform at British Summer Time in Hyde Park
'I'm having a bad night': Rambling Justin Bieber baffles crowd at BST gig as he scolds backing singers and accidentally shoves vapour rub up his NOSE
Sister act! Ex-TOWIE star Jess Wright dons ab-baring ensemble as she joins model sibling Natalya to watch Justin Bieber at British Summer Time festival
'They weren't holding back': Gemma Arterton spotted kissing Peaky Blinders star Rory Keenan at Hyde Park's British Summer Time festival
Sun-sational: Made In Chelsea star Georgia Toffolo flaunts her toned abs in a skimpy floral bikini as she holidays with her fellow cast members in Ibiza
'I dumped him when I found out he cheated!': Ex-fiancée of Love Island star Jonny Mitchell claims his infidelity was the reason behind calling off their wedding
PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Lauren Goodger dresses to impress in plunging striped jumpsuit as she visits her jailbird beau Joey Morrison in prison
British Stunner Time! Mollie King flashes her cleavage and long legs in playsuit as busty Daisy Lowe rocks red dress at Justin Bieber's London gig
Scantily-clad Lottie Moss flaunts toned pins and cleavage in tiny bralette and shorts at star-studded British Summer Time festival in Hyde Park 
'Sick to death of her drama': Fans' fury at Adele's 'zero work ethic' after star cancels shows because of damaged vocal cords - leaving some hundreds of pounds out of pocket 
Italian millionaire Gianluca Vacchi, 49, shows off his beach body in a tiny pair of white swimming shorts
Sheer delight! Kirsten Dunst showcases her impeccable style in the FROW at Rodarte's Paris Fashion Week
What would Brucie say? Tess Daly puts on an unusually edgy display in a Nirvana T-shirt and denim skirt as she and husband Vernon Kay arrive at British Summer Time in Hyde Park
Wayne Rooney can't resist showering his young sons in kisses while bronzed wife Coleen continues to flaunt her trim figure in a sizzling camo bikini on yacht in Formentera
Love Island's Gabby Allen is shocked after seeing a picture of beau Marcel Somerville in bed with another girl following his smooch with newcomer Shannen 
Big Brother reaches new ratings lows as just 650,000 tune in after four new housemates are introduced... as Love Island rakes in millions of viewers
The Real Slim-Jamie: MIC star Jamie Laing shaves off his trademark blonde locks... but shocked fans compare him to Eminem and Judge Rinder
Splish splash! Christina Milian leaves little to the imagination in tiny lavender bathing suit as she continues her Miami getaway
Baby Can I Hold You! Ronan Keating's leggy wife Storm takes baby Cooper for stroll as she supports the singer at star-studded charity golf tournament
Let me entertain you! Mike Tindall performs the Stayin' Alive dance on the golf course - the morning after serenading Zara with Me and Mrs Jones at a charity event 
EXCLUSIVE: 'She loved having everyone around': Liam Payne throws Cheryl a magical garden party for her 34th... before the birthday girl cosies up to watch Love Island 
'It's getting hot in here!' Pink gets stuck in an elevator with daughter Willow
Sunday best! Dapper Fergie takes buttoned up son Axl to church 
Newlywed Miranda Kerr looks sophisticated in polka dots as she flashes her stunning wedding ring
Newly single Kerry Katona wows in TINY playsuit as she gets back to work alongside daughter Molly for performance at Big Day Out... after dumping third husband George Kay
Nicole sees this as Bangkok Hilton 2.0? Kidman 'approaches key Hollywood bosses' to play convicted drug smuggler Schapelle Corby in blockbuster film
Bella Hadid flashes her enviably toned midriff in quirky denim co-ord as she joins suited and booted Kendall Jenner at the Miu Miu AW17 catwalk show in Paris
Zoe Ball is pictured looking relaxed with friends as she makes rare public appearance following the death of boyfriend Billy Yates... after insisting she is 'doing good' to her fans
Payback! Kanye West 'intensifies feud with Jay-Z by QUITTING Tidal after being owed more than $3million'... as former BFF takes a dig at him on new album 4:44
Wish you were here, Justin? Bieber's 'ex-fling' Sahara Ray flaunts her VERY ample breasts in high cut bikini bottoms and a see-through dress
Nicole Scherzinger flaunts her toned tummy and VERY peachy derriere in skimpy string bikini as she celebrates her birthday weekend on Greek getaway
'You can't have two queens!' Mary J Blige gets personal about her divorce as she blasts ex Kendu Isaacs onstage
Not Leonidas any more! How Gerard Butler has gone from being a buff Spartan king in 300 to sporting a sizeable paunch on holiday 
'I'll buy the hat for the wedding': Love Island's Camilla teases Montana over Alex Beattie 'boob grab' confession
Love Island's Kady McDermott flaunts gym-honed physique in a skimpy pale pink crop top... as she puts her body through its paces for outdoor workout
Back in Top Gear (almost)! Richard Hammond hobbles on crutches as he returns to work after fracturing his knee in terrifying 120mph supercar crash
Katy Perry makes subtle dig at Little Mix as she discusses the importance of politics in music... just one month after posing with the group on social media
Susan Boyle goes for full glamour in green gown as she hits red carpet at film festival... after hitting out at local hooligans who have made her life hell
Heavy night? Casually clad Brooklyn Beckham looks exhausted as he arrives for his book signing in London... after partying into the early hours with Justin Bieber
Corporate chic! Joanna Krupa shows off taut midriff in black pantsuit on night out in LA
'Nothing to see here guys': Vicky Pattison causes chaos on Sunday Brunch when her microphone gets tangled in the jumper of  Vicki Pepperdine
 'World's hottest jailbird' Jeremy Meeks leaves wife heartbroken as he passionately kisses Chloe Green on a luxury yacht - as billionaire's girl says it's 'just the beginning'
Mel B 'has just £961 left in bank account' after squandering her £38million Spice Girls fortune due to 'extravagant' lifestyle
'I will be your substitute!' Lady Gaga surprises students as she turns teacher for fun video
'I told him "You better come outside"': Bernie Ecclestone reveals how he confronted his son-in-law  as he lifts the lid on Britain's most toxic divorce
A-list guestlist! Liv Tyler rings in milestone 40th birthday in the country with celeb pals Kate Moss and Sadie Frost
Has Kate met her match? How the Duchess and Letizia married into royal dynasties before blossoming into fashion queens - but who does it better?
Pippa Middleton looks radiant as she strolls through Irish village with her new husband after flying in from her honeymoon for her best friend's high society wedding 
Packing on the PDA! Arrow star Katie Cassidy showcases her figure in skimpy bikini as she shares a kiss with new fiance Matthew Rodgers
Jodie Kidd looks effortlessly elegant in summery midi dress at Cartier Style event as she indulges her passion for cars by checking out flashy F1 motors
Setting pulses racing! Kimberley Garner, 27, shows off her enviably toned midriff and peachy posterior in a skimpy black bikini as she parties with Formula One's Lance Stroll, 18
No one is safe on Love Island as a shocking twist will see multiple islanders DUMPED from the villa... and Amber could be at most risk after Kem kisses Chyna
Ivana Trump swaps flirty short dress for sweatpants during her St Tropez vacation as her ex Donald and daughter Ivanka come under fire over Mika tweets
Newlyweds Jacqueline Jossa and Dan Osborne post sunkissed loved-up selfie as they honeymoon abroad
The Brady bunch! Gisele is a model mom as she takes John, Benjamin and Vivian to church with husband Tom
She's a long way from Ramsay Street! Former Neighbours star Nicky Whelan goes TOPLESS for steamy sex scene in Inconceivable starring Nicholas Cage
Follow the leader! Nick Jonas leaves LA restaurant in trendy red trousers and grey top as he sweetly guides little girl outside
Forever young! Bruce Willis enjoys day out at Disneyland with wife Emma Heming and four younger daughters
The film king who cut the stars down to size: As Barry Norman dies age 83, how the industry legend called Arnie an ass, went to war with De Niro and walked out on Madonna  
From dancing queen to the golf green! Denise Van Outen lets her hair down at Celtic Manor Celebrity Cup Gala Dinner... before wowing on course the next day
Grabbing the bull by the horns: Kay Burley grapples with a bucking bronco at a charity cricket match and laughs as she is thrown off
Jemma Lucy flashes her tattoos while putting on a leggy display with Ex On The Beach's Zaralena Jackson... as she flaunts the results of her recent bum lift during night out
Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries makes an edgy statement in an ab-flashing cropped hoodie and heavily ripped jeans for dinner in West Hollywood
Birthday kisses! Ryan Serhant smooches bikini-clad wife Emilia Bechrakis as he turns 33
Ace news! Andy Murray's on for the double with wife Kim expecting their second child
Don't look, Dom! Love Island beauty Jessica Shears gets VERY amorous as she puckers up to club-goers while flaunting her curves in a tangerine dress
Lucky escape for Camilla? Love Island heartbreaker Jonny Mitchell 'called off wedding to his fiancée just months before their big day'
Diana's niece Lady Kitty Spencer, 26, is left heartbroken after her Italian property tycoon ex sets his sights on Liz Hurley - who is twice her age
Celine Dion continues her style overhaul as she struts out of her Paris hotel in eye-catching Gucci floral jacquard coat accessorised with a £2,500 Dior bag
'I would forget the lyrics': Paul McCartney, 75, confesses he's given up drinking before a performance
Rochelle Humes shows off eye-popping cleavage in VERY revealing crop top as she enjoys family holiday with husband Marvin and their daughters
'Screw the people who are saying we shouldn't be putting this on TV': Sophie Turner defends Game Of Thrones' controversial rape scenes
'It was a shambles that someone could get so close': Little Mix are left horrified after an eager fan dodges beefed-up security to rip open their car door for an autograph
Katie Price performs new single I Got U at G-A-Y club in carnival-inspired costume and giant feather plume hat
Cindy Crawford's daughter Kaia Gerber covers up in a slightly more demure ensemble... just days after facing a backlash over her 'provocative' bathrobe selfie
Pregnant Ana Beatriz Barros gets cosy with fellow Victoria's Secret model Alessandra Ambrosio in the sea and shares a romantic kiss with husband Karim El Chiaty in Greece
Busty Amber Rose teases a look at her nipple piercings while flaunting her more than ample assets... as she dons a curve-enhancing mini dress to dance with friends in a racy display
Bikini-clad Alessandra Ambrosio flaunts her pert derriere in TINY thong bottoms as she packs on the PDA with fiancé Jamie Mazur in sun-soaked Mykonos
TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off laid back style in a sweet gingham top as she continues her Los Angeles adventure with a road trip in vintage Mustang 
Lionel Messi's MOTHER is accused of trying to upstage football star's bride when she arrives at their wedding wearing identical white dress 
I still talk to her every night - I know she hears me: Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's sister Santa reveals the truth about the It Girl's sudden death and lays bare her grief and anger 
'I hope you're proud of me': Love Island new boy Craig Lawson sends video message to his three kids saying why he kept TV adventure secret... after 'cracking on' with Camilla
'I know he couldn't live without me': Katie Price brushes off 'wobbly' first year of marriage to husband Kieran Hayler... as she insists their romance is getting 'better and better'
Boys will be boys! Justin Bieber parties with Brooklyn Beckham in London
'We are very excited!' Quentin Tarantino, 54, engaged to Israeli singer Daniella Pick, 33
Chained to the Rhythm! Katy Perry stuns in a backless sequinned dress 
Not a Lot(t) on! Pixie leaves little to the imagination in an eye-wateringly high cut swimsuit... as she joins shirtless beau Oliver Cheshire in Ibiza
I won't let thugs drive me from my home: Susan Boyle reveals years of horrific abuse at hands of youngsters who throw stones and burning papers at her childhood house 
PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Gerard Butler rekindles on-off romance with bikini-clad girlfriend Morgan Brown as they cuddle on the beach in Mexico 
I'm a mother-of-two who should know better... but I'm hooked: Some might find it sleazy, but RACHEL JOHNSON says Love Island is the most compulsive show on TV 
Rear she comes! Demi Lovato sets pulses racing as she flaunts her peachy posterior in a saucy lace glittering bodysuit for sizzling performance in Brazil
She's electric! Chic Geri Horner puts on a stylish display as she hops into her one-seated battery powered Smart car for a day out in the sunshine
Busty Imogen Thomas flaunts her hourglass curves in a gold buckle bikini as she poses up a storm on Miami beach break 
Doubt anyone's looking at your skin tone! Makeup-free Shanina Shaik reveals she has freckles in raunchy selfie 
Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski swaps her usual skimpy displays with a demure figure-skimming jumpsuit and Parisian inspired baker boy hat in London
Wild child! Bikini clad Paris Jackson smokes while a pal gives her a lap dance as they enjoy a crazy pool day
Picture perfect co-parents! Tobey Maguire and ex Jennifer Meyer enjoy fun-filled outing with their kids
'I'd love to get there one day': Rihanna reveals her ambitions to win an OSCAR after landing role in new film Valerian
Blac Chyna's son King Cairo makes a splash at the pool... to the delight of his baby sister Dream Kardashian
She's a wild one! Imogen Anthony pictured TOPLESS in nightclub toilet after embarrassing wardrobe malfunction... before dancing with a PYTHON
Bethenny Frankel flaunts her bikini body (yet again) during vacation in the Bahamas
Life's a beach! Olivia Munn continues her sun-drenched birthday vacation with bikini-clad dance party
Sun's out, buns out! Hilary Duff relaxes poolside in gold swimsuit
Beach bums! Chanel Iman gets cheeky as she poses in a skimpy bikini with pal Heidy De La Rosa
Tangerine dream! Model Natalia Borges showcases stunning athletic physique in tiny bikini for beach holiday with fiance
Metal head! Game of Thrones star Jason Momoa unleashes inner rocker in a Metallica shirt as he signs autographs for fans
'Do you really call that caterpillar on your lip a mustache?' Aaron Rodgers joins Ben Stiller's Dodgeball challenge
Rumer Willis flaunts her lithe frame in swimsuit as she celebrates six months of sobriety
Having a royally good night! Paris Hilton celebrates Princess Maria-Olympia of Greece's 21st birthday
Jay who? Kanye West grins at the cameras... after being dissed on his former BFF's new album 4:44
Jessica Alba keeps cool in effortlessly chic jersey dress 
Mother approves! Yolanda Hadid bonds with her son Anwar's girlfriend Nicola Peltz
Oh no, J Lo! Jennifer Lopez lays on hospital gurney as she shoots gory Shades of Blue scene
Kelly Clarkson and daughter River Rose enjoy themselves at the Warrior Games in Chicago
'Paris bound!' Lily Collins goes casual in jeans and a jacket as she jets out of Los Angeles
Demi Lovato covers up in a white ensemble as sleepy star jets into Brazil
Ashley Greene and fiance Paul Khoury hit the shops before she heads to pampering session with her future sister-in-law
Mike Tindall serenades guests at charity golf event with duet version of Me and Mrs Jones before making VERY intimate jokes about Zara in the bedroom 
Pregnant Love Island 2016 winner Cara De La Hoyde flaunts her bump as she hints this year's contestants are fame-hungry and questions Amber's sincerity in coupling up with Kem
SPOILER ALERT: Unlucky in love Ellie Young finally finds romance as she smooches Big Brother newcomer Sam Chaloner... but he urges her to keep kiss 'secret'
No girls allowed! Scott Disick parties it up on a yacht in Miami with DJ pal Steve Aoki
Kady McDermott flaunts her slender figure in a tiny lace bralet as fellow Love Island  star Cally Jane Beech shows off her post-baby body in skin-tight green dress
'The future is female': Doctor Who fans are convinced next Time Lord will be a woman after hint is dropped in explosive series finale
Peter Capaldi bows out in style. Well almost... Doctor Who descends into chaos as Steven Moffat, The Master and his Cybermen let the Time Lord off the hook, writes JIM SHELLEY
Kendall Jenner flashes her abs in a cropped sweatshirt while  Bella Hadid opts for a sophisticated look as the model gal pals touch down in Paris
EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't want to be boobs hanging out every time': Jodie Marsh reveals her plans for breast reduction... claiming she 'feels sorry' for those addicted to surgery
Louise Redknapp, 42, looks ready to rock in casual ensemble as she makes solo appearance at Hyde Park's star-studded British Summer Time festival
Mum's the word! How Duchess of Kent helped reunite Martina Navratilova with her mother after being moved by the Wimbledon legend's plight
No lip-syncing necessary! Britney Spears ditches the backing vocals to sing Happy Birthday to her bodyguard
'I'm doing good': Zoe Ball confides in fans she's in a positive place after making rare public appearance following the death of boyfriend Billy Yates
EXCLUSIVE: Hunky rugby player Max Evans strips down to his pants as he performs a racy striptease in hilarious dance-off with Strictly's Anton Du Beke at celebrity golf gala
Danny Dyer 'fears he could face the axe from Eastenders'... as it's claimed wife will stick by him despite Sarah Harding affair claims
Barbie girl! Iggy Azalea displays her generous backside in skin tight pink leggings as she steps out in LA
GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Now 'superstar' Pippa Matthews has two Girl Fridays as she brings in her old friend as a minder at public events
GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Rita Ora grabs herself a Plum gig as novelist Sykes' book event at nightclub Annabel's is axed to make way for the pop star
GIRL ABOUT TOWN: It's the mother of all tattoos for Alice Dellal as she gets 'Call mum' inked onto her hand
GIRL ABOUT TOWN: X Factor producers ask for a free cake in exchange for show tickets and publicity.... despite boss Simon Cowell being worth £300m
But you're from Cali! Ariel Winter dons flirty playsuit as she celebrates Canada Day... despite being American
Like Mel B, I'm broke - but it's the shame that hurts the most
'Bloody hell it's amazing': Sir Paul McCartney reveals he often can't believe his luck in being a part of the phenomenon that was The Beatles
Brian Blessed says he met his brother Alan reborn as a Canadian fisherman's son five years after he died 
Christina Milian puts on a cheeky display in a skimpy bikini as she kicks off the July 4 holiday weekend
Sunscreen queen! Lea Michele shows off her beach bod as she soaks up the rays with gal pal on Hawaii getaway
That's one way to celebrate! Lindsay Lohan hugs and kisses mystery new man as she marks her 31st birthday
Happy Hailey! Baldwin pulls faces for the camera as she poses in lacy lingerie
Always 'winning': Charlie Sheen rakes in more than $4 million for Babe Ruth's contract and first World Series ring with the Yankees 
Save the treasures of the Titanic! Director James Cameron launches top-secret £165m bid to rescue artefacts after shipwreck's 'owners' are declared bankrupt
Karrueche Tran dons pink palm-print pencil dress for Essence Fest... after revealing how she learned to embrace her 'small boobs'
'The most magical unicorn!' David Gardner shares his love for fiancée Liv Tyler as she turns 40
Mad Fer It! Raging Liam Gallagher demands return of favourite Stone Island parka jackets stolen from hotel room during Glastonbury performance
Pouty Victoria Silvstedt, 42, flaunts ample assets and toned legs in see-through tasselled dress  as she relaxes in St Tropez
Bronzed Charlotte Crosby flaunts her svelte frame as she poses topless to fake tan... before slipping into a slinky jumpsuit for her book signing
'You're a f***ing sl*t': Madison Beer's boyfriend Jack Gilinsky 'goes on profanity-laced rant against singer' in leaked audio
Manorexic chic: After fighting against fashion's dangerous obsession with waif-like female models, LIZ JONES explores the worrying trend of stick-men on the catwalks
Marco Pierre White Jr. is on his best behaviour as he smooches girlfriend Francesca Suter while sporting mystery injured wrist
'Happy 150th Birthday!': Ryan Reynolds, Jacob Tremblay and Shania Twain celebrate Canada Day on social media
Curves ahead! Larsa Pippen puts her assets on display in eye-popping cheetah print bikini for beach day in Miami
The look of love! Emma and Matt Willis put on sweet PDA as they step out at star-studded British Summer Time festival at Hyde Park
It's in his kiss! Jennifer Lopez and her besotted beau Alex Rodriguez lock lips as she puts on a sizzling display in a jewelled gown after her NY concert
Speaking to Boris? Lilly Becker is glued to her phone as she steps out in Ibiza...days after husband was declared bankrupt over £3m debt
Jennifer Garner works up an early morning sweat in LA after returning from family vacation with estranged husband Ben Affleck
Terminally-ill grandmother, 49, is devastated she can't tick Adele off her bucket list after Hello singer axes concert due to damaged vocal cords 
The look of love! Pink-haired Pixie Lott puts on a leggy display in TINY minidress as she cuddles up to fiancé Oliver Cheshire on sun-soaked holiday in Ibiza
PICTURED: Entourage star Jerry Ferrara weds Breanne Racano in Ohio in front of co-stars Emmanuelle Chriqui and Kevin Connolly
Millie Mackintosh looks effortlessly elegant in floral blouse as she cradles her pet pug...after reflecting on her 'dignified' divorce from Pro Green
Easy as ABC! The Jacksons wow the crowd as they continue their 50th Anniversary Tour in the UK
Sold! RHOC star Meghan King Edmonds finally offloads Newport Beach home for $3million one year after listing it
'My body is my temple!': Adriana Lima's NFL ex Julian Edelman bares all on ESPN cover
Kate cheers Andy to victory: Animated Duchess of Cambridge watches as Murray battles through the pain barrier to straight-sets first-round win
PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Lottie Moss pulls her SEXIEST moves while hitting the dance floor with smiling Brooklyn Beckham... as they confirm friendship
PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Leggy Jacqueline Jossa appears exhausted as new husband Dan Osborne plants tender kiss on her lips after honeymoon with Ella
From the big screen to the FROW! Chic Jennifer Lawrence, Kirsten Dunst and Natalie Portman lead Christian Dior's show for Haute Couture Fashion Week
PICTURED: Stephanie Davis and Jeremy McConnell argue in the street before 'she assaulted him leaving him with two black eyes' following boozy session
Playful Celine Dion flings her leg over a car as she continues string of sartorial sensations in incredible leather shirt dress at Dior AW17 Paris show
The holiday's over: Chloe Green snuggles up to new love Jeremy Meeks as their Turkish love-in comes to an end and fans turn on him for leaving his wife 
Beach, please! Lindsay Lohan showcases her honed pins in thigh-grazing denim hotpants as she soaks up the sun in Mykonos
She's Wimble-DONE! Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall can't contain her boredom as she lets out multiple yawns and keeps preoccupied on her phone during match
Love Island's Jess and Mike continue to deny steamy romp rumours in a VERY awkward interview... as unconvinced fans call for a 'lie detector test'
Love Island's Camilla Thurlow is almost unrecognisable as she sports much darker 'do in throwback photos... after fears her new man Craig is not to be trusted
Jennifer Metcalfe shows off her post-baby body in a graphic T-shirt and joggers as she cosies up to Greg Lake in Newcastle... after welcoming first child 
'It's like we've fallen in love all over again': Jacqueline Jossa stuns in beautiful lace dress as she cosies up to new husband Dan Osborne in first wedding photo
Stephanie Davis AXED from Big Brother's Bit On The Side panel just hours after arrest for GBH following alleged attack on ex-boyfriend Jeremy McConnell
Gemma Arterton looks elegant in a white suit at Dior Haute Couture Fashion Week in Paris... after being spotted kissing Peaky Blinders star Rory Keenan
Yee-Hadid! Model Bella channels cowgirl vibes in a checked shirt as she leaves hotel in Paris ahead of Haute Couture Fashion Week appearance
Kendall Jenner commands attention in vibrant jumper as she parades her pins in chic shorts while enjoying lunch in Paris
Newly single Kerry Katona sparks backlash after sharing picture of daughter Dylan-Jorge, 3, who took a pair of scissors and cut her own hair
PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian, 38, laughs as she walks hand-in-hand with model boyfriend Younes Bendjima, 24, in St Tropez
Jess Wright can't hide her smile as she links arms with mystery hunk during family night out at British Summer Time festival
'I've been completely speechless': Venus Williams breaks down in tears after winning first round of Wimbledon, as reporters ask her about deadly Florida crash
'I didn't cry, I laughed': Maria Menounos, 39, says she was diagnosed with a brain tumor while her mum was battling stage 4 brain cancer - and announces E! exit
Wearing her heart on her... dress! Olivia Palermo looks chic in a plunging printed number at Schiaparelli Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week show
Winnie Harlow flashes her designer boxers and skimpy bralet as she peels off her jacket at Dior AW17 Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week show
Turning heads! Karlie Kloss unveils new platinum blonde locks at Dior's showcase for Haute Couture Fashion Week in Paris
Bikini-clad Nicole Scherzinger shows off her fabulous figure as she plays in the sand and takes a dip in the sea on a sun-drenched holiday in Mykonos
'Let's have a look at your knees!' Blushing Holly Willoughby squeals as This Morning co-host Rylan Clark-Neal tries to lift up her skirt live on air
Spandau Ballet frontman Tony Hadley announces he is leaving the band... as his former bandmates voice 'frustration' over the singer's exit
Ryan Gosling looks every inch the effortlessly cool dad in shades and tight t-shirt as he carries his cute daughter Esmeralda, two, to a playdate
'Is there an Emmy for adverts?' KFC commercial parodying beloved Game of Thrones character's death goes viral in MINUTES 
It's time for Eva The Diva! America's Next Top Model winner Eva Marcille set to join NeNe Leakes on The Real Housewives Of Atlanta
'I'm a family man': How Jeremy Meeks boasted about his role as a husband and father just two months before ditching her for Topshop heiress Chloe Green 
Brooklyn Beckham joins Lottie Moss for second night out in a row at London nightclub Tape... after partying into the early hours with Justin Bieber
Blossoming romance: Kelly Brook puts on a busty display in a tight pink midi-dress as she cosies up to Jeremy Parisi at Hampton Court Flower Show
Newlywed Pixie Geldof attends the first day of Wimbledon with Lady Mary Charteris... after tying the knot with rock star George Barnett in Mallorca
Casey Batchelor serves up some sizzling poses as she flaunts her ample bust and pert derriere in skimpy white lingerie for racy tennis-themed shoot
'He's caring, sweet and capable!' Jennifer Lopez gushes over 'beautiful person' Alex Rodriguez
Home at last: Petra Ecclestone's personalised Range Rover returns to her £100m mansion as estranged husband James Stunt stays away
'I don't need to look any further': Denise Van Outen tells the Loose Women panel how she knew her boyfriend Eddie was 'the one' from the moment they met
'Counting down baby': Model Shanina Shaik hints her wedding to DJ Ruckus could happen any day now as the couple pose for a romantic selfie
His lucky charm! Mother-to-be Kim Murray looks glowing as she arrives to support Andy at Wimbledon (as he denies pregnancy will be a 'distraction')
'It's p***ing me off': Big Brother's Sam Chaloner sees red during heated row with Ellie Young insisting he's not replacing her Lotan Carter
Blossoming in blue! Pregnant Chanelle Hayes flaunts her bump in a pretty dress as she tucks into afternoon tea at her baby shower
Italian millionaire Gianluca Vacchi, 49, shows off his toned torso in a pair of tight white Speedos... as he chats with a topless brunette in Miami
Kendall Jenner turns heads in embellished jumper as she storms the catwalk alongside Bella Hadid and Jourdan Dunn at utility-inspired Miu Miu AW17 show
Inside Kim Kardashian's holiday barbecue: Reality star shares cute family portrait with Saint and North as she cooks up a storm for Kanye's pals
'It was mental torture': Brave Charlotte Crosby reveals she 'bottled up' emotions as she battled depression following heartbreaking ectopic pregnancy last year
'She is my whole world, what a girl': Rod Stewart proves he is still smitten with stunning wife Penny Lancaster as they renew vows on 10th anniversary
'Nothing like using your kids for money': Katie Price faces backlash from fans... as she shares a video of Junior and Princess 'promoting' a new drink
Happy to leave? The Voice Australia's Boy George can't wipe the smile off his face as he departs Australia less than 24 hours after the grand finale
'She's created uproar': Gwyneth Paltrow enrages neighbours with plans to demolish $5m mansion to build 'too big, too tall and incompatible home'
'Three strikes and he's out': Richard Hammond's long-suffering wife Mindy reveals he is on his LAST CHANCE after his latest £2m horror crash
Oligarch splashes $10m on his daughter's VERY lavish wedding including $500k worth of flowers and flying in Lady Gaga
Pink-haired Pixie Lott shows off her pert posterior in sexy black swimsuit as she parties at Ocean Club Ibiza
Blooming lovely! Sophie Wessex recycles her Ascot outfit to meet blind veterans on the opening day of the Hampton Court Flower Show
It's Cara-barella! Icy haired Cara Delevingne goes braless in sheer silver top and flashes naked derriere for furturistic GQ shoot
Is the VERY dull decor to blame? Ex Man-U star Phil Neville tries to offload his luxury 'flat in the sky' AGAIN - after slashing the asking price to £3.5M
TOWIE's Kate Wright and Rio Ferdinand spotted in public for the first time as they enjoy al fresco lunch in London... after months of romance rumours
Scary Spice's £38m blow-out: A £200k armoured car. Three waterfalls for her pool. A £1m island as a pressie for her ex... so THAT'S how Mel B lost money
'Dad is entertaining us!' Jana Kramer and estranged husband Mike Caussin have fun together with daughter Jolie
Sonia Kruger, 51, admits she would 'love to work' overseas and her dream job is to host the AMERICAN version of Dancing With The Stars
'People don't want to work with me because my boobs are too big': Emily Ratajkowski speaks about the backlash against her 'too sexy' image 
Sizzling in the sun! Miss England finalists strip down to racy swimsuits and barely-there bikinis as they pose for photos for Beach Beauty round 
Liv Tyler's 40th birthday post gets hilariously crashed by crawling Kate Moss as she rings in milestone celebration with her children and A-list pals
David Beckham hits back at criticism over kissing daughter Harper on the lips... as he insists he and Victoria are 'very affectionate' towards their brood
Make-up free Bella Thorne ditches her racy outfits for quirky pink flamingo slippers and shocking red hair
Little Loca actress Stevie Ryan dies aged 33 in suspected suicide just hours after tweeting about grief at grandfather's death
Sir Philip's new nightmare: Beating a 16-year-old to a pulp. Jailbird since his teens. Cheating on his wife. We reveal truth about Chloe Green's new lover 
Jeremy Meeks' wife posts a sultry selfie as his followers slam him for leaving her after he was snapped kissing billionaire's daughter Chloe Green on a yacht 
Lean machine! Super ripped Julianne Hough shows off her toned abs in a tiny crop top after a workout... as her wedding day approaches
A bit more to learn? Rachel McCord is left in shock as lifeguard rescues her from HUGE wave during Malibu surf session... after bikini-clad lesson
A quick paint job and topless India is ready: Diana's bridesmaid does an unusual take on black tie at the 50th birthday of Crown Prince Pavlos of Greece
The hero's 'Cunning Plan' was worthy of Baldrick and played right into George Warleggan's hands in Poldark, by Jim Shelley
'She's taken him to meet her family': Amber Rose, 33, completely smitten with rumoured beau 21 Savage, 24, as it's revealed 'they are in a race to the finish'
So much for brand loyalty! Sizzling Bella Hadid pairs sexy slip dress with Dior handbag as she joins leggy Kendall Jenner at Miu Miu AW17 show in Paris
Demure Pixie Lott stuns in red as she joins her model beau Oliver Cheshire in Paris at Schiaparelli Haute Couture Fashion Week showcase
Joan Smalls showcases her enviable abs in sizzling leather crop top at Miu Miu's AW17 Show in Paris
'Be strong': Zoe Ball's father Johnny reveals family's support has helped her following the death of boyfriend Billy Yates... after she insists she's 'doing good' 
Tom Brady breaks his silence on Gisele's controversial concussion claims saying she is 'very concerned' and 'knows when I get hit' 
Zoe Saldana looks chic in tie front shirt as she grabs a bite to eat with husband Marco Perego and their three children
Eternal beauty Glenn Close, 70, shows off her fabulously trim figure in a bright orange swimsuit as she enjoys paddle boarding in Barbados
Britney Spears is mobbed by fans at the Wailing Wall in Jerusalem as she visits holy sites ahead of her Tel Aviv concert during first visit to Israel
Sports Illustrated model Natalia Borges can barely contain her ample assets in tiny string bikini as she frolics on Miami beach with her fiance
'Big disappointment': Adele could miss out on millions in DVD sales after cancelling the only two dates of her world tour which were to be filmed
What a blue-ty! Milla Jovovich oozes effortless glamour as she flaunts her enviable frame in thigh-skimming chiffon dress for star-studded Miu Miu show
Alexa Chung makes VERY leggy arrival at Miu Miu's Paris Haute Couture Show in dazzling sequin dress with a soaring split
Jourdan Dunn teases a glimpse of skin in cutaway ruffled blouse and lace-up leather trousers as she makes striking arrival at Miu Miu's Paris show
'You should have said spoiler alert!': Love Island fan Susanna Reid furious at Good Morning Britain's Richard Arnold for revealing the latest islander to be dumped
'Everything I thought was special, wasn't to her': Love Island's Dom would DITCH Jess if she confirms romp with Mike... but hints he was  thinking about proposing
What a spectre-cle! Kate fans claim to see the face of Casper the Friendly Ghost in the Duchess' KNEE
Fashion royalty! Princess Grace of Monaco's great-grandchildren pose for Baby Dior - 50 years after she opened the first boutique in Paris
Forget the tennis! Meet the VERY glam WAGs of Wimbledon - an ex-beauty queen, yummy mummies and the one with a bone to pick with Carole Middleton
Potty-mouthed Adele reclaims her swearing crown at Wembley gig with record 44 f***s, seven s***s, an a***, a p***, a d*** and a b*****d
That's a model family! Lisa Rinna and Harry Hamlin treat daughters Amelia and Delilah to dinner at trendy Craig's
WAG Rebekah Vardy flaunts her enviable post baby curves in a skimpy multi-coloured bikini as she packs on the PDA with husband Jamie in Dubai
Kate Beckinsale, 43, keeps a low profile at LAX airport in chic satin trousers... as it's revealed that she is dating 21-year-old Matt Rife
Party on! Louis Tomlinson cuts a casual figure in sweats as he leaves West Hollywood's 1 OAK night club
Filling the void! Kanye West chows down at wife Kim Kardashian's lunch bash after he quit Jay-Z's Tidal service amid epic feud
'Pregnancy lips are finally here!' Serena Williams shows off her new plump pout... as fiance Alexis Ohanian says she'll be an 'awesome mum'
Pedal power! Make-up free Jennifer Lopez and hunky shirtless beau Alex Rodriguez take a cruise on bicycles to a yoga session
Peace out LA! Kesha looks groovy in pink hippie attire as she arrives for flight at LAX
'At least he's not Jonny!' Love Island fans fear Camilla's new man Craig is not to be trusted... while others think SHE is playing a game
'Family fun on the boat!': Michael Phelps posts sweet snap of his wife and son enjoying a day out on the ocean to start the 4th of July festivities
Big Brother's Ellie Young confesses to enjoying a smooch with new boy Sam Chaloner... as THREE more contestants are put up for eviction
The Real Slim-Jamie: MIC star Jamie Laing shaves off trademark blonde locks... but shocked fans compare him to Eminem and Judge Rinder
Dua Lipa flaunts her fantastic figure in a yellow bra... while Tove Lo and Anne Marie put on busty displays as they perform at British Summer Time
'I dumped him when I found out he cheated!': Ex-fiancée of Love Island star Jonny Mitchell claims his infidelity was the reason behind calling things off 
'Just get some sex': Karen Huger and spouse Ray raise eyebrows with kiss on RHOP season finale
'We would be forever grateful': Stephanie Davis pleads for fans to donate money to help four-year-old cousin with cerebral palsy get life-saving treatment
Leigh-Anne Pinnock flaunts her impressively toned tum in skimpy orange bikini for day of partying at Ocean Beach Ibiza with Pixie Lott and Lydia Bright
Simply smouldering! Busty Emily Ratajkowski shows off her cleavage in an array of low-cut chic dresses in Harper's Bazaar shoot
Single and happy! Blac Chyna declares she's NOT back with Rob Kardashian... despite reports they were working to rebuild their relationship
The nuptials that stopped the nation! Neighbours' golden couple Scott and Charlene celebrate 30 years since THAT iconic '80s wedding
'I had no control over my emotions': Jack Gilinsky tries to explain the 'dark place' that led to him calling girlfriend Madison Beer a 'f***ing s**t' in leaked audio
Whoops! Delta Goodrem suffers a fake tan fail as she arrives at The Voice Australia after party in a VERY revealing dress with thigh high split
'Every song has to get past her ears': Jay Z's producer says Beyonce brought 'genius-level' musical analysis to rapper's new album 4:44
Trendy Brooklyn Beckham supports pal Justin Bieber at BST Hyde Park gig after their wild night out... as the singer claims the concert is a 'bad night' 
Good genes! Jessica Simpson shares sweet video of her kids singing happy birthday as son Ace turns four
Busy single mom! Jennifer Garner sports damp hair and casual attire as she takes her kids to church
Holiday bliss! Jennifer Hawkins bares incredibly toned body in bikini and tiny shorts while holidaying on exclusive Maldives island
That's a racy look! Lorde wears revealing lace see-through jumpsuit at a music festival in Poland
'My two b******': Frank Lampard provokes Twitter outrage with controversially captioned snap of wife Christine and their cute pooch
Chloe Lattanzi flaunts her EXTREMELY slender 'Barbie doll' frame in a crop top and denim shorts... after sparking health fears while at the solarium
What would Brucie say? Tess Daly puts on an edgy display in a Nirvana T-shirt and denim skirt as she and husband Vernon Kay arrive at BST
'An entire year with the love of my life': Meghan Trainor celebrates anniversary with boyfriend Daryl Sabara
SPOILER ALERT: Madison Clark covers up family massacre as showdown looms on Fear The Walking Dead
Leggy Lady Gaga rocks tiny denim shorts as she shops with boyfriend Christian Carino for Fourth of July party supplies
Bad timing, Doctor Who...you saved Peter Capaldi's best till last: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last weekend's TV 
Fan of the classics! Caitlyn Jenner takes her vintage striped mini car for a spin before lunch in Malibu
Venus, the fashion ace: Tennis star ditches the sports gear for outfit costing nearly £25,000 including £3,300 Balmain dress 
Keeping it casual: Kelly Rowland dons relaxed pink tracksuit and Ugg boots to attend The Voice's wrap party... after her contestant was booted from the final
Booty-ful holiday! Coco Austin struts her stuff in form-fitting body-con dress as she parties with Ice T for Fourth of July weekend
Hungry like a leopard! Nicole Richie wears animal print as she pushes a full cart of groceries ahead of Fourth of July
Beach time! Lea Michele dons a sexy one-piece as she continues her tropical getaway
Let me entertain you! Mike Tindall performs the Stayin' Alive dance on the golf course - the morning after serenading Zara at a charity event 
Red-y to sizzle! Sartorially savvy LeAnn Rimes flaunts serious sideboob in plunging tank top as she touches down at Los Angeles airport
Montana and Alex get hot and heavy while reconciled lovers Amber and Kem romp on the SOFA... as three couples do the deed in the raciest Love Island episode yet
'Absolutely bawling my eyes out!' Fans declare Born In Chelsea an emotional whirlwind as Binky and Josh welcome baby India... after a naked photoshoot and a VERY cheeky birthing plan
Kourtney Kardashian, 38, displays her sensational figure and a saucy hint of sideboob in daring black swimsuit as she relaxes by the sea in St Tropez with toyboy beau Younes Bendjima, 24
Coronation Street's Debbie Rush has QUIT the soap after playing Anna Windass for nine years... as producers promise an explosive exit
Howzat for a transformation? Cricket legend Shane Warne, 47, shows off a fuller frame on family break in Spain... after joking about his 'big belly' on Instagram
Actress Stephanie Davis is rushed to hospital while being questioned by police after being arrested for 'giving boyfriend Jeremy McConnell two black eyes' in drunken row 
'One comment ruins your day... it's a headf***': Musician Ed Sheeran has QUIT Twitter after being targeted by cruel trolls
Retail therapy! Britney Spears shows off her dance-honed abs in a crop top as she hits the shops ahead of Tel Aviv concert
Man, I feel like a woman! Jennifer Lawrence flashes Dior 'boxers' as she rocks tassled top at designer's 70th anniversary exhibition party
Cash strapped Tori Spelling throws lavish unicorn birthday party for her oldest daughter... despite facing financial ruin
Hats off to her! Megan McKenna gets into the Nashville spirit by exploring the city in cowboy boots and headgear... as she plans to carve a career in country music
He just can't help himself! Scott Disick flirts up a storm with pretty girls as he drinks with friends at Miami party after FaceTiming Bella Thorne
Leggy Kourtney Kardashian, 38, dons tiny denim shorts for relaxing stroll with toyboy boyfriend Younes Bendjima, 24, in St Tropez
Pregnant Kimberly Wyatt showcases beautiful bump in chic white dress as she joins handsome husband Max Rogers for first day of Wimbledon
SPOILER ALERT: 'I still have the hurt hanging over me': Love Island's Camilla struggles to get over Jonny despite Craig's best efforts... and does Marcel drop the L-word?
Bella Hadid leads the glamour in a semi-sheer black gown revealing her toned pins and tiny waist as she and fellow stars celebrate 70 years of Christian Dior at Paris Fashion Week
Dixie Chicks singer Natalie Maines files for divorce from husband Adrian Pasdar after 17 years of marriage
Emily Ratajkowski bares killer abs in crop top and velvet suit as she steps out in London...after claiming being 'too sexy' cost her roles
This is 50! Real Housewives star Marysol Patton shows off her incredible figure in lace up one-piece
Rita Ora shows off her ample assets as she flashes her lacy bra in sheer backless negligee dress on shopping spree in Berlin
PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Is this a booty call Bella? Scott Disick FaceTimes with Thorne... as he parties the weekend away on yet another yacht
Ivanka and Jared rub shoulders with billionaire Democrat George Soros, Steven Spielberg and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer during party at a Washington Post editor's Hamptons home
Shaved In Chelsea: Spencer Matthews copies pal Jamie Laing and gets a buzzcut makeover... as he reunites with girlfriend Vogue Williams after two weeks apart
'Date night!' Loved up Hugh Jackman and wife Deborra-Lee Furness keep the spice in their marriage after revealing they never spend more than two weeks apart
Family day! Jennifer Garner enjoys a summer morning out with her daughter Seraphina
Poldark star Gabriella Wilde stuns in a sheer cut-out dress as she rubs shoulders with royalty at Christian Dior's Haute Couture Paris Week show
C'est magnifique! French fashion house Dior celebrates its 70th anniversary with a Paris showcase of 300 of its most breathtaking gowns from across the decades
'Wimbledon got me like': Pregnant Serena Williams is back on the court as she shares video doing 'easy' drills
'It was like a backyard barbecue!' La La Anthony dishes about Beyonce's exclusive push party before birth of twins Sir and Rumi
Making it rain! Tom Holland wears Rihanna's racy French Maid look to recreate Umbrella for Lip Sync Battle
Bouncing back from the Jay Z feud? Kanye West beams while shooting hoops  with UCLA team... as concert rant is said to have triggered beef
Leggy Petra Nemcova parades her figure in thigh-skimming lace dress as she arrives at the Guo Pei AW17 show for Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week
Lovely in lemon! The Queen brings a splash of colour in a jaunty yellow hat as she kicks off Holyrood Week with the Ceremony of the Keys in Edinburgh
Home at last: Petra Ecclestone's personalised Range Rover returns to her £100m mansion as estranged husband James Stunt stays at a hotel amid bitter divorce 
Ab fab! Julianne Hough shows off chiseled midriff in black crop top as she head to the gym
A little light reading! Adriana Lima carries a self-help book about love as she touches down in Los Angeles
Olivia Palermo and Celine Dion exude Parisian chic in blush and lace at Giambattista Valli Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week show
From Paris Hilton to Paris Haute Couture Week! Princess Maria-Olympia of Greece jets to French capital after celebrating her 21st birthday with reality star
Zendaya stuns in a white shoulderless halterneck ensemble and Michelle Rodriguez stands out in a low-cut bold teal trench coat as they attend the Ralph And Russo fashion show in Paris
'Molly turns one!' Ali Fedotowsky proudly shares peek inside daughter's lavish unicorn-themed birthday party
'You can not be serious!': Shia LaBeouf recreates John McEnroe's infamous on-court outburst in new trailer for Borg Vs. McEnroe
Gorgeous in Greece! Shay Mitchell sizzles in cheeky cleavage-baring one-piece while holidaying on Mykonos
The man who walked the line with Johnny Cash: Manager's lost letters reveal how drugs turned country great into a monster who trashed hotels and started fires before he found love and Jesus with June Carter
Fun in the sun! 'Catwoman' Jocelyn Wildenstein's on-again, off-again boyfriend of more than a decade is seen smooching transgender model Lauren Foster on a beach in Miami
'There are no words': Venus Williams walks out of press conference in tears after breaking down over car accident that left 78-year-old man dead
Not pining for Bella, then? Gregg Sulkin holds hands with Justin Bieber's ex Sahara Ray... as his ex Thorne reignites flirtation with Scott Disick
Amber Rose, 33, bonds with beau 21 Savage, 24, and son Sebastian on grocery run... as it's revealed smitten couple 'are in a race to the finish'
'My Show Girl debut!' Madonna shares darling throwback of her very first childhood dance performance
'Pool party, Brooklyn style!' Olivia Wilde's baby Daisy sits in a flower baby bath to escape the New York heat
Gotham star Donal Logue says the 'net has been flung far and wide' in search for his 16-year-old transgender daughter who's been missing for seven days
'There's been talks': Nick Carter says the Backstreet Boys are 'open to' going on 'an epic tour' with the Spice Girls
Girls Trip! Jada Pinkett Smith is one stylish traveller in sheer blouse as she touches down in Los Angeles
French First Lady Brigitte Macron, 64, joins the fashion pack at the Dior Haute Couture Fashion Week Show in Paris in an oversized blazer and crisp white blouse
Swimsuits for all! Curvy women flood Instagram with images of themselves proudly flaunting their bodies in plus-size model Ashley Graham's swimwear collection
Giddy Up! Princess Mary and Prince Frederik horse around on holiday as they trot around the stunning surrounds of their summer palace
Happy with Chloe's new boyfriend? Philip Green and his wife relax  in Monaco on their £115m superyacht as daughter's romantic holiday with 'world's hottest felon' ends
These looks will take your breath away! At the Rodarte Couture show, models wore real flowers on their FINGERS and halos of baby's breath in their hair
Louise Redknapp sizzles in lace bra and suspenders as she poses seductively in first look at her leading lady role in new production of Cabaret
Steph Davis released by police with 'black eyes' after being quizzed over attack on ex Jeremy McConnell - as friends say she has FIVE broken ribs 
'His and hers': Love Island's Jess Shears shares cosy reunion snap with Dom Lever... after dishing on their steamy sex sessions and denying Mike romp
Smouldering Celine Dion, 49, shows off her slender figure as she goes completely NAKED for racy Instagram snap
Petra clears out her rubbish - and her man: Bernie Ecclestone's daughter is seen for first time since estranged husband James Stunt was evicted
Pedal power! From Victoria Pendleton to Miley and Madonna... The A-list are leaping on their bikes and inspiring a wave of people
Well it is the Emerald Isle! Pippa Middleton channels her inner Irish colleen in a green dress for her best friend's wedding in County Cork
Perfect match! Stephen Fry, 59, is in high spirits as he makes a dapper appearance alongside husband Elliott Spencer, 29, at day two of Wimbledon
SPOILER ALERT: Love Island's Gabby snaps as Marcel's infidelities are brought up again in pole dancing challenge... before FOUR islanders are dumped 
'I want to look like Steve Tyler!' Claudia Winkleman says kooky beauty regimen looks like she 'slept in a skip'... after blaming her image on house mirror BAN
Braless Bella Hadid flaunts her abs in TINY crop top with punky tartan trousers as she nails Nineties style at Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week
Pregnant Luisa Zissman shows off her baby bump in fuchsia top as she heads out for a milkshake with make-up free Sam Faiers
Pretty Little Liars star Shay Mitchell goes topless as she strips down to tiny bikini bottoms to soak up the sun on a nudist beach in Mykonos
Scarlett Moffatt confirms reunion with former flame Luke Crodden as they pose for a cosy snap four months after shock split
'The look that says I'm with your woman!' Jeremy Meeks is accused of 'stealing' Chloe Green from Robert Cavalli... as she deletes social media
Danniella Westbrook shows off the incredible results of her facelift surgery as she films scenes for her new TV show in Marbella
Never looked Becker! Lilly flashes her toned legs in a scarlet dress as she enjoys a stroll in Wimbledon... across town from bankrupt husband Boris 
'You know you nailed the holiday when you show up wearing a flag!' Kate Upton sizzles in the Stars And Stripes
Leggy Melanie Sykes, 46, looks effortlessly elegant in a ruffled sky blue mini-dress as she arrives for day two of Wimbledon
Joanne Froggatt exudes elegance in an ivory shirt and billowing palazzo pants as she cosies up to hunky husband James Cannon at Wimbledon
Lydia Bright showcases her enviably lithe physique in a VERY plunging black swimsuit as she dances seductively in Ibiza
Louisa Johnson channels 70s chic in flared jeans and yellow tassel top as she discusses her latest single with Olly Murs on This Morning
'There's an unfortunate spillage!' Holly Willoughby explodes into hysterical giggles as social media goes wild after a pony POOS live on This Morning
Braless Cara coordinates bleached pixie crops with Kristen Stewart and Katy Perry at Chanel AW17 show at Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week
Age-defying Julianne Moore, 56, dazzles in an elegant embellished minidress at Chanel's Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week showcase
Kaya Scodelario oozes understated elegance as she attends Chanel's Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week AW17 showcase
Tallia poses up a Storm in a sweet pink dress and quirky sunglasses outside the Grand Palais in Paris
Frankie Essex shows off the incredible results of her two stone weight loss in white bikini during Los Angeles getaway
'You've got a cracking a**e!' Big Brother's Sam admires Ellie's assets as they are painted for hilarious task... yet things turn sour when he dismisses romance 
'It freed my mind from the stress': Rio Ferdinand poses shirtless as he reveals keeping fit helped him cope with the death of his late wife
Drove All Night, Celine? Dion climbs onto the roof of her car dressed in silk designer pyjamas as she helps eager fan out of a window in Paris 
One selfie at a time! Niall Horan is swamped by enthusiastic fans as he arrives in Japan... after slamming rumours of a romance with Katy Perry
Watt(s) a woman! Naomi commands attention in dazzling knee-length midi dress alongside pin-flaunting Sam Taylor-Johnson at Gypsy screening
Pregnant Cara De La Hoyde flaunts her blossoming bump in a pink bikini as she picks up motherhood tips from a pal and her daughter in Spain
Up All Night? Weary new dad Liam Payne looks puffy-eyed as he steps out in London after throwing girlfriend Cheryl a 34th birthday garden party
Charlotte Crosby dresses to impress in plunging playsuit as she's mobbed by fans during autobiography signing in Birmingham
Getting patriotic! Ireland Baldwin models busty red and white bikini... to go along with her bright blue eyes
Dancing in the street! Sarah Silverman shows off her moves as she waltzes with a passing man on night out
Bieber's breakout! Justin, 23, reveals spotty skin as he walks shirtless through Sydney's Bondi Beach before Hillsong Conference
'I've heard karaoke sung better than this!' Boyzlife fans slam Brian McFadden and Keith Duffy for 'being drunk and cutting short' Somerset gig
'May your trike match your wagon!' Kelly Ripa shares the cutest July 4 throwback from 1974
It's July 4! Kristen Bell and Dax Shepard prance around in stars and stripes onesies as the celebs share their Independence Day celebrations
Jesy Nelson is dating musician Harry James as fans spot duo holding hands on Mykonos break... in first romance since doomed Chris Clark fling
'Hot felon' Jeremy Meeks hints he is still part of violent street gang but claims he has quit 'to a certain extent' and doesn't want his children to follow him
Charles and Camilla can't contain their laughter during a performance of traditional Inuit throat singing in Canada
Royal biographer agrees love triangle between Charles, Camilla and Diana was a 'posh version of what happens on Jeremy Kyle' 
There she blows! Windswept Queen Letizia unveils another fashion forward look in billowing pink culottes on a breezy day in Madrid
'The number of women he's slept with came as a shock!' Love Island star Marcel's mum admits she was surprised by son's sexual encounters
'I know we need to handle our emotions better': Jeremy McConnell addresses 'explosive' relationship with Stephanie Davis... days before her arrest
'I've always been vain': Gogglebox's Chris Steed splashes out £8,000 on his THIRD hair transplant to 'be gorgeous' for his upcoming wedding
'Dom was like an excitable puppy in bed': Love Island's Jessica Shears dishes on steamy sex sessions in the villa... as she insists she 'friend-zoned' Mike
Kayleigh Morris flaunts her assets in perilously plunging swimsuit as she smooches model boyfriend Conrad Williams on Jersey beach
Lily Collins brings casual glamour to the Chanel showcase at Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week as she works a a sequin top and distressed jeans
'Wow, we really did this': Cheeky David Beckham pokes fun at THOSE leather outfits as he pays tribute to Victoria on their 18th wedding anniversary
Kate Wright flaunts her sensational figure in a tiny bikini for sizzling snap... after being spotted for the first time with Rio Ferdinand on cosy lunch date
Inside Princess Olympia of Greece's extravagant 21st birthday party, complete with a TOPLESS party-goer, and plenty of designer duds
Newlywed Jacqueline Jossa poses in a sizzling pink bikini as she shares snaps from her Spanish honeymoon and Ibiza hen party
Love all! Tess Daly showcases her toned pins in crochet dress as she and dapper husband Vernon Kay lead the celebrity turnout on day two of Wimbledon 
Beauty queen Ariadna Gutiérrez flaunts her sizzling figure in a hot pink bikini as she frolics with Italian millionaire Gianluca Vacchi in Miami
Fans declare Born In Chelsea an emotional whirlwind as Binky and Josh welcome baby India... after a naked photoshoot and a VERY cheeky birthing plan
You've been Warne'd! Retired cricketer Shane, 47, reveals he is on 'a few more dating apps than Tinder'... but would YOU swipe right?
Casually-clad Kate Moss takes her pet pooch for a sunny stroll in London... after helping pal Liv Tyler celebrate her star-studded 40th birthday
Alicia Vikander looks summer chic in flowing floral dress as she makes a cosy exit from Paris date night with beau Michael Fassbender
'I loved you and will forever miss you!': Drake Bell mourns  loss of ex-girlfriend Stevie Ryan... after actress dies in suspected suicide at age 33
'I'd been in constant relationships': Caroline Flack admits man detox boosted her confidence... but she would NEVER have sex on TV
Montana and Alex get hot and heavy while reunited lovers Amber and Kem romp on the SOFA... as three couples do the deed in raciest Love Island episode yet
Tan Another Day! Shirtless Pierce Brosnan, 64, looks every inch the silver fox as he enjoys a jog on the beach in Hawaii
Katie Holmes cuts a chic figure in cream culottes as she joins mini-me daughter Suri Cruise to make a stylish arrival at Montreal airport 
Dan Aykroyd shows off his moves as he practises Blues Brothers performance for A Capitol Fourth show in celebration of Independence Day
Amber Turner teases a glimpse of toned tummy in a pink crop top... as she shares throwback bikini snap from her first TOWIE scene
Janet Jackson's billionaire ex-husband is all smiles as he cradles their baby son on a walk with his nanny 
Louis Tomlinson's girlfriend Eleanor Calder wows in hot pink bikini for girls' trip to the Hamptons... as she returns to the spotlight after airport brawl
'Let's do this!' Shailene Woodley sports bloody cut and huge bruise to her head on Adrift set
It's a step up from Linton Travel Tavern! Alan Partridge star Steve Coogan's Grade II-listed 17th century mansion goes on the market for £3.25m 
We've seen that look before! How Kate embraces Diana's signature polka dot print when she needs a confidence boost on royal occasions
At last! Six inch chop that means no more silly girly, flicky-flicky hair! SARAH VINE's FASHION VERDICT after Kate sports new shorter cut at Wimbledon
'He's not dying': Patti Newton slams rumours about husband Bert's health and claims as magazine cover of the TV legend, 78, 'in tears' show him SNEEZING
Farewell, Tyga! Kylie Jenner re-inked her lowercase 't' ankle tattoo to 'la' after split from rapper
Kanye West was 'GIVEN $20m to cover tour expenses'... after former BFF Jay-Z escalated feud by implying he had 'loaned him' the money
Frill seeker Gwyneth Paltrow displays her lean pins in chic shirt dress during Milan break... after she enrages neighbours with demolition plans
Cristiano Ronaldo posts bizarre 'black and white chocolate' Instagram caption as he poses with ex-Sheffield Wednesday midfielder Jose Semedo
Fighting fit! Roxanne Pallett flashes her taut midriff in a crop top and leggings as she leaves the gym... after 'not being well enough' for The Wedding Singer
Starting him young! Louis Tomlinson bonds with son Freddie, 17 months, as he teaches him how to play an electric guitar in sweet snap
'There was no romance left': Harry Judd's wife Izzy reveals trying to conceive put a strain on their sex life as she admits to feeling 'guilty'
Nicole Scherzinger puts on a leggy display in a tiny white mini skirt and ab-baring crop top as she touches down in London after Greek getaway
Leggy Caroline Vreeland has a 'Marilyn moment' as she flashes her underwear at Dior 70th anniversary bash in Paris
Sir Philip Green says he's 'not getting involved' in daughter Chloe's holiday romance with Jeremy Meeks as hot felon lands in LA 
Bikini-clad Danielle Armstrong flashes ample assets in sizzling Tenerife snap... after claiming boyfriend Daniel Spiller is better in bed than ex James Lock
'2,000 coffees, countless nappies and hundreds of sleepless nights': Fearne Cotton posts sweet wedding snap on third anniversary with Jesse 
'Leave me alone': Olivia Buckland begs Jodie Marsh to make amends after the 38-year-old branded her a 's**t' for her Love Island antics
Katie Price says she's 'sick' of trolls accusing her of 'using her children' as she defends making a video of Junior and Princess to 'promote' new drink
Justin Bieber arrives at $359-a-head Hillsong conference after being spotted on a golf cart with 'rock star preacher' Carl Lentz during surprise trip to Australia
Model mom! Candice Swanepoel is summer chic in tiny sundress as she takes baby son Anaca to the park
China in her hand! Princess Anne explores Beijing's Forbidden City on the first stop of her five-day royal visit designed to 'strengthen relations'
Blue crush! Real Housewives Of Sydney's Krissy Marsh, 45, flaunts her ageless figure in a bikini on holiday in the Maldives with Victoria Rees
'Your parents watch this you tramps': Big Brother viewers are turned off by 'disgusting' waxing conversation as ratings fall to a dismal 650,000
Backpacking through Europe! Kendall Jenner stuns in cold shoulder gown as she carries Chanel recycling bag to dinner in Paris
Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock flaunts her peachy posterior in skimpy blue bikini as she poses on a boat during sun-soaked break
Bella Hadid leads the glamour in a semi-sheer black gown as she joins chic Natalie Portman and icy-haired Cara Delevingne to celebrate 70 years of Dior 
Winnie Harlow risks wardrobe malfunction in perilously low-cut strappy dress as she steps out to celebrate 70 years of Dior at Paris Fashion Week
Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp kicks back in Ibiza wearing extravagant headwear ahead of the new season
'I was spitting dirt!': Julie Andrews recalls THAT famous hills scene from Sound Of Music... but filming wasn't as glamorous as you may think
Big night? Fashion 'bad boy' Jordan Barrett looks worse for wear as he gets VERY close with artist Alana O'Herlihy outside exclusive Dior party in Paris
Former Apprentice star Nick Hewer reveals he is 'appalled' by how many millennials are unprepared for work (and shares his tips for landing your dream job)
Karlie Kloss shows off her new icy blonde locks as she stuns in bejewelled semi-sheer black gown at the Dior exhibition in Paris
Gemma Arterton slips into a workwear-inspired LBD while Felicity Jones stuns in a Gothic tulle gown as they command attention at the Dior exhibition dinner in Paris
Zendaya is the belle of the ball in stunning beaded gown with lengthy train as she joins glamorous Arizona Muse at lavish Paris Fashion Week bash
That's awkward! Stars including Beyoncé, Kendall Jenner and Lady Kitty Spencer ALL go wild for Dolce & Gabbana's floral dress (so who wore it best?)
'It's serious': Nina Agdal 'dating' Christie Brinkley's son Jack Brinkley-Cook... two months after splitting from Leonardo DiCaprio 
From Paris with love! Kristen Stewart and Stella Maxwell step out for romantic dinner in the City of Lights
Kourtney Kardashian, 38, displays a saucy hint of sideboob in daring black swimsuit as she relaxes by the sea in St Tropez with toyboy beau Younes Bendjima, 24
Quick change artist! Elizabeth Olsen rocks THREE different and very stylish outfits in one day at Paris Fashion Week
Getting cheeky! Jennifer Lopez, 47, flashes world-famous bottom in clinging bodysuit during Fourth of July Fireworks Spectacular
Dad, where's my ride?  Kaia Gerber, 15, wears Daisy Dukes and cap as she hangs with pals before father Rande picks her up
Stephanie Davis is rushed to hospital while being questioned by police for 'giving boyfriend Jeremy McConnell two black eyes' in drunken row 
Man, I feel like a woman! Jennifer Lawrence flashes Dior 'boxers' in sheer skirt as she rocks tassled top at designer's 70th anniversary exhibition
French style! Katy Perry rocks red lip color and a pretty shimmery pink dress as she dines out in Paris
'Gangsta napper': Chrissy Teigen raps baby book as daughter Luna dances to the beat in Instagram video
Matchy Matchy! Kylie Jenner slips into skintight leather and heads to dinner with boyfriend Travis Scott at Nobu in corresponding  ensemble
Sophie Turner reveals Game Of Thrones educated her about sex... as she confirms relationship with Joe Jonas helped her insecurities
Kid at heart! Jamie Foxx, 49, goofs around with Mickey Mouse at Disneyland theme park in Anaheim
Menopause has made my chest wrinkly and my waist thicker, says Changing Rooms star Carol Smillie 
'I'm not a psychopath': Aubrey Plaza becomes obsessed with Elizabeth Olsen in trailer for Ingrid Goes West
Smoking haute! Lily Collins goes hell for leather in tight trousers as she steps out for dinner in Paris
Cricket legend Shane Warne, 47, shows off a fuller frame on family break in Spain... after joking about his 'big belly' on Instagram
Bloody reunion! Alyson Hannigan jets back to US with Buffy The Vampire Slayer co-star Tom Lenk after trip to Australia
Eamonn camps it up in a Bedouin tent. No wonder Ruth's in a strop: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV
Meet the parents! Lady Gaga and boyfriend Christian Carino enjoy summer fun with singer's folks in Malibu
'Never want to leave': TOWIE star Georgia Kousoulou puts on a busty display in black bikini as she enjoys sun-soaked Mexico break with beau Tommy Mallet
Bikini babe! Ireland Baldwin models busty two-piece while holidaying with friends in Montauk
Simon Cowell set to shake up X Factor by featuring guest stars and eliminations on Saturday AND Sunday live shows... and wants to ban novelty acts
'Catwoman' Jocelyn Wildenstein's on-again, off-again boyfriend of more than a decade is seen smooching transgender model Lauren Foster
Acing it! Jessica Simpson celebrates son's 4th birthday with a Moana-themed blow-out bash
Charlize Theron dons a pair of denim overalls for a day out with her lively kids in West Hollywood
'We aren't just pieces of meat': Katy Perry declares her Bon Appétit single a feminist anthem with a video that shows her being COOKED by men
Out of the Woods: Tiger tells fans he's completed an 'intensive program' to tackle his problem with prescription pills after his DUI arrest
'Alexa Chung in a stupid Michael Kors T-shirt is crap': Vogue's 'sacked' fashion director slams magazine for bending to big advertisers 
Blondes have more fun! Chrissy Teigen is to-dye-for as she showcases new hair color for the summer
YouTube star Stevie Ryan, 33, hanged herself, coroner reveals, as her ex-boyfriend Drake Bell mourns her loss saying 'I loved you and will miss you'
New addition to the family! Princess Mary welcomes puppy Grace into her home three months after beloved dog she received as a wedding gift died
PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Justin Bieber goes shirtless in Bondi Beach after sneaking into Sydney by private jet to attend Hillsong Church conference
Birthday swim! Olivia Munn celebrates turning 37 with bikini-clad snorkeling session in Turks and Caicos
Daisy Ridley returns as Star Wars character Rey in animated Forces Of Destiny video along with droid BB-8
Flexy Celine Dion hoists her leg over a balcony as she poses in shimmering silver mini dress for playful photo shoot in Paris
Rafa Nude-al: Spanish sensation sets Wimbledon pulses racing (and cameras flashing) with on-court strip show 
Lights, camera, magic! Work commences on J.K. Rowling's Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them sequel in England
Talk about burying the hatchet! Iggy Azalea reveals former enemy Azealia Banks will feature on her forthcoming album Digital Distortion
Ready for The Wasp! Michael Douglas touches down in LA as he prepares to start filming Ant-Man sequel
Shining star! Priyanka Chopra is sporty chic as she dazzles in shimmery track jacket and striped pants
'I still have the hurt hanging over me': Love Island's Camilla struggles to get over Jonny despite Craig's best efforts... and does Marcel drop the L-word?
You're the one! Grammy-winning singer Michelle Branch announces her engagement to Patrick Carney of the Black Keys
CHECK her out! Selma Blair is summertime chic as she flashes skin in an off the shoulder gingham top with white capris
Oooo, Barracuda! Chris Pratt's four-year-old son Jack reels in another big fish during bonding trip in Hawaii
Amicable exes! Hilary Duff and ex Mike Comrie step out for coffee... a week after rape charges against former hockey player were dismissed
'24kt gold in the bottles!' Rapper Tyga promotes sparkling wine containing gold flakes on social media
She's dotty for coffee! Evergreen Janice Dickinson, 62, looks youthful in spotty leggings and a vest on caffeine run in LA
She works out! Jessica Biel flexes impressive muscles for a good cause
Dahling! It's SO hard being the new it-girls: The heiress on horseback, high-class Highlanders and Bond girl in a catsuit that Tatler has anointed as the next society queens 
'Sometimes I go topless!' Australian rapper Iggy Azalea flaunts tattoos and suggestive licence plate cover as she pumps gas in Los Angeles
Home at last: Petra's personalised Range Rover returns to her £100m mansion as estranged husband James Stunt stays at a hotel
Secrets of an A-list body: How to get Sally Field's well-defined shoulders 
Perfect match! Alicia Keys and Swizz Beatz wear coordinated ensembles as they leave Berlin hotel with their son Genesis
The People Vs Justin Bieber! Dressed-down Despacito singer looks pensive sitting alone in front of Bondi store... after sneakily jetting into Sydney
Gal Gadot dons T-shirt dress to jet out of LA with daughter Alma and 'Proud Dad' Yaron Versano
Bodyguard for Beyonce and Lady Gaga pleads guilty to possessing 2kg of explosives and detonators that were found in his housemate's shed
'Blessed': Cristiano Ronaldo and his mini-me son cuddle his newborn twins Mateo and Eva in sweet Instagram snap as they enjoy first family holiday together
Red, white and nude! Alessandra Ambrosio poses naked with American flag while Paris Hilton parades around in bikini as celebs celebrate July 4
'It's just tomatoes and salad cream!': Nigella is mocked by fans on social media after sharing a new salad recipe on her blog
EXCLUSIVE: Jeremy Meeks is confronted by his furious wife as he returns home for first time since kissing Chloe Green on Mediterranean yacht
'BIG MISTAKE!' Lauren Goodger launches frenzied Twitter rant after she is 'forced to leave' restaurant 'because Mark Wright is on his way'
'I'm the ugliest here': Tearful Gabby admits she feels 'inferior' to the other Love Island girls... but Marcel melts viewers' hearts with his comforting words
Rob's revenge porn attack on Blac Chyna: Instagram DELETES his account as he shares explicit images of her and rants about her cheating with eight men
Giving him something to smile about! Shirtless Michael Fassbender beams as bikini-clad girlfriend Alicia Vikander displays her ripped stomach in Ibiza
Need more space? Make your house work harder by extending into the GARDEN 
He looks Perry different! Matthew, 47, is almost unrecognisable from his Friends hey-day as he makes low-key appearance at open air screening
'I just don't like the geezer': Theo leaves Jonny furious by french kissing his love interest Tyla... as he and fellow newbie Jamie ruffle feathers on Love Island
'RIP... I will miss you': Twitter mourns as Grotbags actress Carol Lee Scott dies, aged 74
Rio Ferdinand parties with 'girlfriend' Kate Wright's best pal Michael Hassini in Essex... after introducing her to his three children
Emma Willis looks lovely in a vest top and chic blue trousers as she steps out with husband Matt as they celebrate their nine-year wedding anniversary
Rob Kardashian claims Blac Chyna had baby 'out of spite' to get back at Tyga for Kylie Jenner romance... and he's worried she might be pregnant AGAIN
Blac Chyna taunts Rob Kardashian by flashing '$250k' diamond gifts he gave and posing with another man dressed in his robe following cheating claims 
Braless Bella Hadid flashes her cleavage in sheer dress as she conquers the Fendi runway with Kendall Jenner at Haute Couture Fashion Week in Paris
... before displaying her statuesque frame in striking semi-sheer gown while cosying up to her co-stars for smouldering LOEWE shoot
Kendall Jenner puts on a leggy display in menswear inspired suit while Bella Hadid rocks a chic plaid ensemble as they leave the Fendi show in Paris
Emily Ratajkowski slips into nothing but a busty lace corset for an alluring photoshoot as she channels her inner-damsel on a Parisian balcony
Myleene Klass, 39, flashes  her cleavage in plunging tangerine jumpsuit as she steps out with boyfriend Simon Motson at star-studded Warner Music party
Soldiering on: George Shelley makes first public appearance since the tragic death of his younger sister as he attends the Warner Music GQ Summer party
Tess Ward flaunts her legs in TINY navy mini-dress as she mixes with music crowd at Warner Music party... weeks after splitting from Harry Styles
Braless Suki Waterhouse catches the eye as she leaves her New York hotel for low-key outing in casual T-shirt and leggings
Karlie Kloss sports grungy ensembles at the Azzedine Alaia show during Haute Couture Paris Fashion Week... as Michelle Rodriguez looks on
Jess Wright oozes elegance in fitted midi-dress as she reunites with demure former TOWIE co-star Lydia Bright at London charity party
Nicky Hilton puts on a seriously leggy display in bejewelled party dress as she heads out in Paris during Haute Couture Fashion Week
Pixie Lott flashes toned tummy in tiny crop top as she makes her way home BAREFOOT from London dinner after ditching her heels
Lady and the scamp! Victoria Hervey and Jamie O'Hara have a wild day out at Chessington World of Adventures after face-painting session
'Your daughter has a PHD, your son... talks out loud for a living': Dermot O'Leary shares rare snap of loving parents as they prepare to move back to Ireland
Duncan James steps out for the first time with new boyfriend for event in London... hours after revealing the struggles he faced when he came out as gay in 2012
Inside Blac Chyna's secret post-baby surgery: Rob Kardashian claims ex had $100k of work done to slim down after Dream 
Rob Kardashian could face JAIL for Blac Chyna revenge porn pics under California law while lawyers say his ex could get MILLIONS in damages
'T.I. paid Chyna to have sex with Tiny and him': Rob Kardashian claims ex-girlfriend Blac had threesomes with hip hop star and his estranged wife
She likes to take her clothes off! Polish star Joanna Krupa poses completely nude by her pool to express her love for adopted country USA
Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa, 33, flaunts fab figure in striped bikini and cuddles up with beau Doug Spedding, 55, on boat
Hot to trot Ireland Baldwin shows off peachy posterior while larking around on horse float in the pool
SPOILER ALERT: 'Who the f**k is Theo?': Love Island's Kem goes on a rampage in EPIC meltdown as Amber enjoys a flirty date with hunky new male arrival
A clothing allowance, enforced body contact and over 60 cameras: A Love Island insider reveals what REALLY goes on behind the scenes
EXCLUSIVE: 'I wouldn't lay a finger on her': Jeremy McConnell claims Steph Davis is PREGNANT as he reveals she hit him in the face with a bed post
'Twins?': Gaz Beadle pokes fun at Marnie Simpson's appearance before her surgeries as he compares her to EastEnders' Sonia on Twitter 
Khloe Kardashian dons bodysuit and Daisy Dukes in snaps from lavish July 4 party... which featured gold-dripped desserts
Kourtney Kardashian, 38, is casually cool in metallic flares as she and Younes Bendjima, 24, take a helicopter to Cannes to continue romantic getaway
He still has his Spidey-sense!  Tobey Maguire springs into action as he helps TOPLESS woman cover up with seaweed at the beach
'Living the dream': TOWIE's Chloe Meadows flaunts her tiny waist and enviable figure in a two-tone bikini as she holidays in America
Zara Holland shows off eye-popping cleavage and abs in tiny bikini on yacht... after confessing she regrets THAT Love Island bedroom romp
Proud Skinnygirl! Bethenny Frankel shares a series of sexy throwback photos in honor of National Bikini Day
'Boss': Bella Thorne, 19, steps out in hot lips t-shirt and statement purse after it's claimed she and Scott Disick, 34, 'have an understanding'
'We have come so far': Emma Willis shares a steamy smooch with husband Matt as she marks nine-year wedding anniversary with heartfelt tribute
Pippa keeps her cool as temperatures rocket at Wimbledon: Newlywed shows off her post-honeymoon glow in a daring lace dress beside brother James
Beauty and the best: Karlie Kloss' vampy lip and Kendall Jenner's curls top our list of the most show-stopping celebrity looks at Paris Couture Week
Age-defying Susan Sarandon, 70, power dresses in statement suit as pal Goldie Hawn, 71, slips into flowing jumpsuit for Berlin Fashion Week
Binky Felstead shares sweet snap of her 'daddy's girl' daughter India in Josh Patterson's baseball cap... after an emotional debut for her new reality show
Pregnant Sam Faiers shows off her baby bump in nude dress as she is pictured for the first time since announcing she is expecting second child
Emotional note reveals Tupac split from Madonna 'because she was WHITE' as letter penned from late rapper's cell goes under auction for $100,000
Bathing beauty Lupita Nyong'o flaunts sizzling figure in a striped bikini by the pool
Pink shows off slim post-baby body in white dress while out with family in New York...seven months after giving birth
Tara Reid puts slender frame on display at cannabis CEO Big Mike's Fourth of July bash... before fireworks set neighboring house on fire
Kate Beckinsale, 43, strolls through Heathrow Airport with daughter Lily, 18, and mum Jude... as it's revealed she's dating male model Matt Rife, 21
Newly-single Amy Childs shows off her figure in plunging vest and leggings following workout session... as she puts relationship woes behind her
This Morning cuts to an early ad break after Holly Willoughby breaks down in tears during a Charlie Gard phone-in hearing a viewer recall her son's tragic death
Blind Date's first ever lesbian line-up: The ladies looking for love include a Celine Dion superfan (and a singleton who drops jokes about CATS)
Love Island newbie Theo Campbell risks his Team GB future by appearing on hit ITV show without informing British Athletics
Rod Stewart, 72, didn't even acknowledge his first child for 18 years as he was too busy chasing blondes... but now he is a doting dad to all EIGHT of his children
SPOILER ALERT: Has Camilla Thurlow finally found her Prince Charming? Love Island star bonds with newcomer Jamie Jewitt over passion for reading
SPOILER ALERT: 'My boobs are going to hit me in the face': Big Brother's Chanelle hilariously tackles gym task as she attempts to seduce personal trainer
TOWIE's Kate Wright is introduced to beau Rio Ferdinand's three children as the pair share matching group shots of their Yeezy trainers
Living the American dream! Leonardo DiCaprio is single and ready to mingle as he is surrounded by a bevy of  beauties at July 4 party
Nicky Hilton stuns in pink cape dress while Olivia Palermo slips into floral slip frockat Valentino's Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week show
Olivia Palermo makes a statement with sequin-encrusted jacket as she leads the fashion pack at ethereal Elie Saab Haute Couture show in Paris
There's another beauty in the family! Supermodel Linda Evangelista's cousin Christine stuns in white dress at Hamptons event
Getting serious! Gwyneth Paltrow giggles in snap shared by Brad Falchuk as couple of three years becomes more public on social media
'Fell asleep in the sun!' Michelle Heaton shows off painful sunburn and jaw-droppingly muscular physique in thong bikini as she enjoys tanning session in the garden
'A potato floating in the water': Pregnant Bar Refaeli sizzles in a skimpy green bikini for pool day... as she likens her evolving figure to a spud
Purple reign! The Queen wears a bold coat dress and hat to officially open a new section of canal named in her honour near the Kelpies in Scotland
Celine Dion looks chic in a silky purple Oriental-inspired dress and elegant chignon as she steps out in Paris 
Kylie Jenner is 'refusing to discuss ex Tyga and new beau Travis Scott' for reality show Life Of Kylie which has been called 'dull'
Another hit! Jennifer Lopez thanks ex-husband Marc Anthony for helping her make Ni Tu Ni Yo a chart-topper as she shares sultry photos
EXCLUSIVE: 'It was time to grow up' Lauren Pope reveals she's had her breast implants REMOVED as she feared looking 'trashy' in revealing outfits
Jessica Wright flaunts her sculpted figure and shapely legs in a glamorous off-the-shoulder bikini as she shares flashback pic from Dubai break
Bikini-clad former TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong can barely contain her assets on holiday in Tenerife...after hitting the pool in skimpy white swimwear
Jemma Lucy puts on a VERY busty display as she puckers up for a smoochy selfie and holds hands with leggy Ex On The Beach star Zaralena Jackson
Love Island has more complaints about SMOKING than sex: Almost half of the 50 grievances so far this series are about contestants lighting up 
'I had a smile on my face': Love Island's Amber Davies' mum says she's 'incredibly PROUD' of TV romps... as she admits watching daughter get frisky
Kieran Hayler claims Katie Price told DJ Tom Zanetti she wanted to marry and have kids with him over TEXT... but she affirms she did not cheat 'unlike him'
David Beckham spends some quality with daughter Harper as they enjoy a picnic...after facing criticism for kissing five-year old on the lips
Back to reality! Toned Coleen Rooney cuts a casual figure in gym attire as she runs errands back... after FIFTH sun-soaked holiday this year
Shady lady! Kate Moss, 43, rocks quirky shades to leave Paris hotel... after cosying up to toyboy boyfriend Count Nikolai, 30, at Vogue party
The godfather! Charlie Hunnam attends baptism of his best friend's son and plays pivotal role in the ceremony
'I get penis questions!' Jacob Anderson admits he can't escape being asked about his manhood after playing eunuch Grey Worm in Game Of Thrones
Mr Selfridge star Jeremy Piven, 51, looks casually dapper in fedora and cropped trousers as he enjoys a stroll around New York
Hot stuff! Plus-size model Ashley Graham sizzles in sultry campaign for her latest lingerie collection
'We're going to have a slumber party with Katy Perry': TLC's Chilli reveals pop star paid $6,500 for a sleepover with 90s band
Making a comeback! Kesha teases new single Praying... after dropping lawsuit against Dr. Luke and fulfilling contractual obligations
'I knew I wanted Will Smith': Men In Black director Barry Sonnenfeld reveals he tricked Chris O'Donnell into not taking leading role
EXCLUSIVE: Charlie Sheen ex Brett Rossi reveals she is engaged and has launched new career directing virtual reality porn while battling ex in court
Hear me roar! Katherine Webb-McCarren and son bravely get up close and personal with tigers at the zoo
'Frank told him he had to stop!' Loose Women's Christine Lampard reveals husband saved her from a terrifying STALKER who believed 'they were married'
Made In Chelsea's Frankie Gaff shows off her toned figure in a daring two-piece as she celebrates National Bikini Day in Ibiza
Hello sailors! Christie Brinkley and daughter Alexa flaunt their legs in nautical chic on July 4 boat trip
More than French kissing! Shirtless Montana can't keep his hands off bikini-clad beauty's ample derriere during steamy massage on Barcelona beach 
Rebel Wilson returns to filming following defamation trial... after admitting fantasising about pashing co-star Liam Hemsworth got her through it
Fairly Legal star Virginia Williams gives birth to second son with hubby Bradford Bricken... and he has a name to admire
'I'm still f**king awesome': Kelly Clarkson shuts down Twitter troll who called her fat
Surprise! Size 22 model Tess Holliday reveals she has been secretly married for TWO YEARS, as she shares a snap of the intimate ceremony
Still freeing the nipple! Scout Willis goes braless in sheer tank top while heading to party... as older sister Rumer reveals she's six months sober
The many faces of Mrs Murray: Pregnant Kim wills her husband to victory against Dustin Brown in nail-biting Centre Court showdown 
Brad Pitt and Sienna Miller 'have been spending time together' as they are AGAIN linked... but he's soon off to Brazil to shoot a movie
'My crazy arm': Kristin Cavallari says 'maybe next time I shouldn't lean so hard' as she slams her own Instagram photo where her tricep is relaxed
Happiest exes in Hollywood: Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck reunite to spend July 4 with the kids
'Summer of no regrets!': Jessica Seinfeld shares snaps from dreamy trip to Italy with husband Jerry as they roam quaint towns and sip wine
Victoria's Secret model Elsa Hosk bares all in sultry topless snap as she becomes one with nature on idyllic getaway 
Racy Rita Ora delights fans as she grabs her bare breast in tantalising selfie leaving little to the imagination
Shrieking Charlotte Crosby lets her hair down on Liverpool fairground rides after another book signing for her new autobiography
He was always a Belieber! David Guetta slams the 'ridiculous hate' for Justin Bieber at the start of his career... as the pair collaborate on new track 2U
Sports Illustrated bombshell Hailey Clauson exposes her ample bust as she shares TOPLESS snap... amid flurry of seriously racy Instagram posts
'I thought people would shout at me in the street': Duncan James reveals the 'burden' of hiding his sexuality as he speaks out on his 'fun' gay Hollyoaks kiss 
PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Sarah Harding looks stony-faced as she's seen for the first time since claims of a 'wild, sexual affair' with Danny Dyer emerged
He's Scott a way with the ladies! Flirty Disick chugs beer and parties into the early hours with a bevy of VERY scantily-clad females on his Miami hotel balcony
Getting her revenge body! Makeup-free Amy Schumer looks toned in white tank as she poses with trainer... two months after split from beau
Jesse Williams asks court for formal custody agreement for two children pending divorce from Aryn Drake-Lee
Voluptuous Iskra Lawrence shows off her famous curves and ample assets in skimpy floral bikini as she celebrates Fourth of July in America
'This pretty gal': Olympic medalist Tara Lipinski and new husband Todd Kapostasy pose with elephant on honeymoon in Thailand
Niccolo who? Newly-single Kitty Spencer casts her cares aside as she parties with Lottie Moss in Paris after splitting with property tycoon
Secrets of a celebrity trainer: Body guru who trains Downton Abbey star Lily James reveals his top moves, how to stay motivated, and his go-to cheat meal
How Self Portrait became THE label to be seen in: British brand loved by A-listers goes stratospheric after getting the Middleton sisters' seal of approval
'Homewrecking s**t!' Furious Love Island fans bombard Tyla with death threats after 'secret millionaire' Jonny ditches series favourite Camilla for her
Do you know your Dusting from your Grafting? MailOnline hit the streets of London to question people on their Love Island vocabulary
EOTB's Chloe Goodman flaunts her perky posterior and toned pins in skimpy swimsuit as she soaks up the sun alongside sister Lauryn in LA
'There may be something to rekindle': Love Island's Chloe Crowhurst hints she is keen to get back together with Jon Clark following steamy kiss
Plaid'll do! Bella Hadid displays her ample cleavage and toned abs in eye-catching kooky coords in Paris
Megan McKenna accentuates her taut stomach and perky posterior in skimpy country ensemble as she celebrates 4th July in Nashville
So sweet: Patrick Schwarzenegger and Abby Champion enjoy strawberries and iced coffee as they leave July 4th party 
Four rabbits, two alpacas and a pygmy goat: Petra plans huge children's birthday party days after husband James Stunt was evicted 
Making a comeback! Kesha teases potential new album... after dropping lawsuit against producer Dr Luke and fulfilling contractual obligations
WATCH: Andy Serkis undergoes dramatic transformation from man to ape... as War for the Planet of the Apes makers unveil power of CGI with chilling teaser
'The path to equality is rarely easy': Daniel Dae Kim breaks silence after leaving Hawaii Five-0 over pay gap
Split! Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. actress Chloe Bennet and The Walking Dead alum Austin Nichols break up after almost four years
'Oh my god, someone pinch me!' CBB's Cami Li announces she is engaged after boyfriend of two years Brent pops the question on Independence Day
Did Pippa actually get to see any tennis? Labour heavyweight Tom Watson sits in front of Middletons in royal box - alongside Britain's great and good
Out of this world! Bella Hadid looks unrecognisable as she goes space-age chic in sheer corset dress and blonde hair at Maison Margiela show in Paris
Ed Sheeran and girlfriend Cherry celebrate July 4 in matching England rugby shirts as he is seen for first time since quitting Twitter over trolls
Turning back the clock! Princess Michael of Kent, 72, looks remarkably youthful in a powder blue dress as she visits an art exhibition in London
Is this watch really worth £8,000? Martina Navratilova flogs 'unique' timepieces that contain a piece of string from her winning racket
Animal tragic! Now Holly is left cowering as a BIRD flies towards her face on This Morning (just a day after a pony POOED on the studio floor) 
'Djokovic has issues with his wife': John McEnroe compares tennis ace Novak Djokovic to love cheat golfer Tiger Woods amid losing streak
Long before she went blonde! Real Housewives Of Atlanta star Kim Zolciak has dark brown locks in school photo from age six
Skirt-ing around town! Cara Delevingne showcases her svelte frame and leans pins in daring tartan kilt as she steps out in Paris
They look like sisters! Reese Witherspoon, 41, appears youthful next to daughter Ava Phillippe, 17, in beach selfie
Love Island's Dom Lever comes face to face with Mike Thalassitis for the first time in awkward exchange... amid Jess Shears romp rumours 
Smiles and stripes! Queen Letizia of Spain beams in a statement pencil skirt as she joins King Felipe VI to welcome guests to Zarzuela Palace
'It's like a nightmare': Rick Parfitt's widow Lyndsay says Status Quo rocker's death has left a 'huge hole' in her life... as she blames 'medical negligence' 
'The love of my life hanged herself': Samuel Johnson reveals a former girlfriend's tragic suicide was harder to deal with than his mother's death
Hollywood star Sigourney Weaver set to reprise her surprise cameo in ITV series Doc Martin as she's spotted filming in sleepy Cornish village 
Bloomin' beautiful! Pregnant Ferne McCann showcases her blossoming bump in tube dress... as BFF Sam Faiers announces she's expecting again
Bond beauty Olga Kurylenko exhibits her bodacious bottom and sensational curves in a skimpy red bikini as she soaks up the sun in St Tropez
Have your CaKe and flaunt it too! BFFs Cara Delevingne and Kendall Jenner put on leggy displays in tiny party dresses as they reunite for VOGUE bash in Paris
Doutzen Kroes showcases her incredible legs in embellished cocktail dress as she attends Vogue bash for Haute Couture Fashion Week
It's flash-ion week! Braless Bella Hadid leaves NOTHING to the imagination in a sheer dress before wowing in plunging gown on Paris runway
'Just chilling with the knockers out': Love Island's Olivia Buckland sets pulses racing as she goes topless in saucy snap
Happy families? Jeremy Meeks posts picture of him playing doting dad with his sons as his jilted wife, 38, celebrates July 4th with her sister 
Geordie Shore's Chantelle Connelly 'has lost half her income' since she punched a woman on a night out as she is ordered to pay off £3,000 costs
'Happy birthday to my favourite d**k head!' Real Housewives Of Sydney's Lisa Oldfield shares a VERY cheeky message to five-year-old son Bert
Daddy issues? Brandi Glanville will bring her father onto upcoming series Marriage Boot Camp - Family Edition
'Life is short, live it!': Bachelorette vet Trista Sutter rides horses with her family on adventurous vacation... weeks after terrifying seizure
Bottoms up! Former Neighbours star Caitlin Stasey BARES her derriere to show off her tan lines and heart tattoo
Sixties screen star Gina Lollobrigida defies her years in a glittering ball gown as she celebrates 90th birthday with a lavish party held by the city of Rome
'You're intimidated by the abs!' Susanna Reid furiously defends her favourite show Love Island after GMB's Piers Morgan slams 'cretinous' islanders
Montana and Marcel are forced to dump Craig and Danielle in another shock Love Island elimination... while newbies Nathan and Chyna are voted out
Taylor Swift skips annual Fourth of July party as her parents take over Rhode Island beach house a year after pop star hosted with Tom Hiddleston 
'Sun's out, tum's out!': Ashley James flaunts her sensational hourglass curves in series of sizzling bikini snaps
'We all live with fantasies and dark thoughts': Naomi Watts lifts the lid on thrilling new Gypsy role... as actress shuts down possibility of directing
Nice to see he dressed up for church! Justin Bieber wears a VERY casual (but expensive) $1130 hoodie and ripped jeans at the Hillsong Conference in Sydney
Scent-sational! Inseparable couple Kristen Stewart and Stella Maxwell both put their long legs on show for a Chanel perfume launch in Paris
Couch potatoes no more: Gogglebox's overweight Tapper family shed several stone between them after daughter Amy was fat-shamed
Getting to know the neighbourhood? Rebel Wilson goes for stroll in New York after 'purchasing $3.85 million paparazzi proof apartment'
Jude Law, Nigella Lawson, Jemima Goldsmith and Damian Lewis attend Chelsea party to celebrate 80th birthday of playwright Sir Tom Stoppard
Prunella Scales attends Sir Tom Stoppard's birthday with husband Timothy West... as she makes rare public appearance amid dementia battle
Michael Gambon and the tale of two families: Married Harry Potter star, 76, and his mistress Philippa Hart, 51, enjoy rare outing with their son
Jude Law lovingly gazes at his leggy girlfriend Phillipa Coan at Sir Tom Stoppard's 80th birthday... before 'bumping into ex Sienna Miller at the bash'
Priyanka Chopra flashes her slender legs in thigh-skimming dress as she perfects the sports luxe trend at star-studded Giorgio Armarni runway show
He's trouble! Jordan Barrett laughs while being kicked off a funfair ride in Paris... as model 'bad boy' is pictured AGAIN with racy artist Alana O'Herlihy
TOWIE's Georgia Kousoulou displays her honed curves in an array of sizzling swimwear as she soaks up the sun during Mexico break
She can't stop smiling! Beaming newlywed Victoria Swarovski attends a fashion show in Berlin after her VERY lavish Italian nuptials  
Louis Tomlinson pays homage to the US in national colours ahead of July 4 BBQ... while girlfriend Eleanor Calder has her celebrations in the Hamptons
'My music is so precious': Legendary French DJ Bob Sinclar pleads with thieves to return laptop containing all of his tunes after theft at his Ibiza home
Ready for her closeup! Monica Bellucci, 52, flaunts her hourglass curves in plunging black dress for TV appearance in Madrid
PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Pregnant Ferne McCann flaunts her blossoming baby bump in a gold sequinned bikini as she soaks up the sunshine at the beach in Majorca
New dad Cristiano Ronaldo's girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez sports tight-fitting jumpsuit as the couple step out in Ibiza... amid claims she is pregnant
Cheryl shares first selfie of herself with boyfriend Liam Payne since welcoming baby son Bear as the couple spend some quality time together
Kourtney Kardashian, 38, wears tiny swimsuit as she gets hosed down by boytoy Younes Bendjima, 24, while enjoying kid-free break in St Tropez 
'Oh my word... where have you gone?' Dawn French stuns fans as she shows off her dramatically slimmer frame after losing seven-and-a half stone
Wardrobe Confidential: Actress, comedienne and mum of three Sally Phillips talks about her wardrobe staples
Blac Chyna steps out alongside hairstylist pal as he posts video of himself in her bed after Rob Kardashian's social media rant
Jess Shears puts her curves on display in a suede dress and denim jacket as she goes hand-in-hand with Love Island boyfriend Dom Shears
Hunky Brad Pitt sips on iced coffee in form-fitting T-shirt while out for lunch with friends in LA
Kate Wright shows off her bronzed physique in busty new social media post... as her romance with ex-footballer Rio Ferdinand is pushed to the next level
'No regrets': Montana and Alex become the THIRD couple to have sex in the Love Island villa... before 'cocky' new boy Theo threatens to steal her away
'It was like a Bond movie': Camilla Thurlow swoons over shirtless Jamie after  challenge performance... as the pair enjoy another date on Love Island
Holding Back The Years! Simply Red's Mick Hucknall, 57, looks wrinkle-free as he parties at the 28th birthday of Bill Wyman's restaurant
PICTURED: Scratched and bruised Stephanie Davis displays her injuries after blazing brawl with ex Jeremy McConnell... as he reveals her pregnancy
Bring your son to work day! Simon Cowell arrives at The X Factor auditions with Eric and partner Lauren Silverman... as the judge returns after falling ill
Lauren Goodger 'was asked to leave Essex eatery Sheesh because she didn't have a reservation and stole chairs to try and sit with friends'
Welcome to the Drive-Roo: Cheeky McDonalds workers snap selfie of hungry Wayne Rooney and son Kai... but star doesn't look impressed
Ariana Grande pays tribute to Manchester bombing victim Saffie Roussos with birthday message
'I would do anyone if I wasn't married': Katie Price reveals she would have sex with Gareth Gates again after she took his virginity when he was 17 years old 
Suddenly shy? A chic Kate Beckinsale rocks chic patterned blue jumpsuit as she covers her face while leaving Sexy Fish in London
No shame in her game! Amy Schumer shares silly swimsuit snap with her legs wide open in honor of National Bikini Day
Now topless Blac Chyna poses in bed with one of the men Rob Kardashian accused her of cheating with... as she considers legal action over 'revenge porn'
Kylie Jenner shares sexy selfies in busty outfit after brother Rob Kardashian drags her into ugly war with Blac Chyna
Diamonds are a (topless) girl's best friend! Bella Hadid shows plenty of skin to model Bulgari bling in risque shoot for V Magazine
'You feel like you're living in a fishbowl': Game Of Thrones star Sophie Turner on the downside of life with Joe Jonas... as she stuns in Marie Claire cover shoot
Tamara Ecclestone's daughter Sophia pulls faces as socialite puts on a united front with husband Jay Rutland... amid sister Petra's bitter divorce battle
'Kids are still watching': Coronation Street viewers criticise the soap after seeing drug dealer Rich snort cocaine before the watershed
'He reminded me of a teacher of a third-rate public school': Ross Kemp accuses former EastEnders boss Sean O'Connor of verbally ABUSING the cast 
LIE in the fast lane! Love Island's Jonny's FAKE millionaire lifestyle exposed as it's claimed he 'drives dad's car, wears knock-off watches and rents pad'
SPOILER ALERT: Theo squares up to Jonny after saying he'll steal Tyla... while Gabby and Marcel hit a snag and Chris says he LOVES Olivia on Love Island 
Avert your eyes, Dom! Love Island's Jess Shears threatens to spill out of VERY low-cut dress as she joins Mike Thalassitis at private do... after denying romp
Kardashians ignore 'revenge porn nude pics' of Blac Chyna posted by Rob but continue hawking goods on social media as show producer hides away in Spain
Did Kim cause Jay-Z and Kanye's feud? West 'frustrated Kardashian has no friendship with Beyoncé'... as rapper's furious stage rant is blamed for fall-out
Lacy James! Lily displays her svelte figure in an intricate semi-sheer dress with a daring split flashing her lithe pins as she arrives at event in Milan
Nicole Scherzinger strikes a series of sassy poses in sizzling figure-hugging tangerine dress as she makes stylish arrival at X Factor auditions
Lucy Mecklenburgh flaunts her tanned legs in a denim playsuit while TOWIE's Chloe Lewis takes the plunge in a polka dot jumpsuit at art exhibition private view
Ellie Goulding swaps white sands for the red carpet as she joins Demi Lovato at German music festival... after being snapped with her new boyfriend
Emily Ratajkowski turns up the heat as she shares shots of herself posing seductively in a cleavage-baring lace corset during trip to Paris
EXCLUSIVE: 'We were just having a good time': Stunning blonde, 18, seen partying with an injured Nick Kyrgios until 3am insists the pair are 'just old friends'
Busty Lauren Goodger is in high spirits as she makes glam arrival at Essex eatery Sheesh... before being kicked out because of 'pathetic' ex Mark Wright
Kimberley Garner proudly parades her super-toned abs in a daring red crop-top as she visits art event in London on sweltering summer night
Chris Packham reveals he and Michaela Strachan have been warned about being smutty on Springwatch... after using puns about 'tits and shags'
'This one hurts MOST': Emotional Lena Dunham hits back at animal shelter that accused her of lying about 'abused' dog Lamby
EXCLUSIVE: 'She's grounded!' Furious father says he wants to 'knock out' Wimbledon 'bad boy' Nick Kyrgios for partying with his stunning 18-year-old 
'You're so teeny!' Fans beg Holly Willoughby to spill her weight loss secrets as she once again flaunts her slender figure in VERY tight trousers
'Our first smooch 8 years ago!': Miley Cyrus posts romantic throwback image with Liam Hemsworth on International Kissing Day
'I p*ss people off on purpose': Amber Rose addresses THAT controversial bottomless snap... and discusses new boyfriend 21 Savage
What money troubles? Kylie Jenner's ex Tyga drops $188,000 on new jewel-encrusted chain before boarding private jet with son King Cairo
SPOILER ALERT: 'I feel like I've lost the plot': Love Island's Gabby breaks down after finding secret photo of Marcel getting tactile with another girl 
Beach babe! Neighbours star Olympia Valance flaunts her incredible curves in sexy bikini while partying in Mykonos with friends
Tropic like it's hot! Joan Smalls flaunts her cleavage and toned pins in sizzling vibrant mis-matched bikini as she holidays in the Maldives 
'The sun makes me happy': Busty Rhian Sugden shows off her eye-popping cleavage in skimpy swimwear as she enjoys idyllic holiday in Barbados 
Blondes DO have more fun! Ashley Greene is all smiles as she shows off lighter locks while she and fiance Paul Khoury catch flight out of LA
Still a 10 at 59! Sharon Stone shows off her incredibly fit body in a tiny periwinkle bikini as she celebrates making FIVE movies this year
Reading between the lines! Bella Thorne Snapchats flowers from an 'anonymous' suitor... who appears to be Scott Disick
Blooming lovely! Myleene Klass embraces summer in seasonal floral print dress as she prepares for her daily radio show
Love Island's Chloe Crowhurst risks a wardrobe malfunction as ample assets threaten to spill out of perilously low-cut playsuit in Manchester
What a Shocker! Fans confuse Tom Hardy with doppelganger Logan Marshall-Green as he plays super villain in Spider-Man: Homecoming
Pamela Anderson displays her cleavage in gingham dress as she visits Julian Assange... in first sighting since her St Tropez rendezvous with footballer Adil Rami
X Factor star Chloe Paige displays  her slim frame in bralet and wide-legged trousers as she attends restaurant Sticky Fingers' 28th birthday party
Taking Paris by Storm! Singer Tallia sheds her jacket to reveal a VERY skimpy bralet as she poses outside the French capital's Louvre Museum
Brandi Glanville says Joanna Krupa should just deal with 'smelly p***y' comment rather than sue her over it as lawsuit drags on
She means business! TOWIE's Lauren Pope stuns in scarlet powersuit... as she debuts more natural look following breast implant removal
Happy to be home! Make-up free Kirsten Dunst dons floral top and flared jeans as she smiles upon arrival at LAX
David Beckham sports a laid-back look in a shirt and jeans as he enjoys brunch with his best friend Dave Gardner and PR manager Simon Oliveira
Doting new dad Cristiano Ronaldo lands in Ibiza with newborn twins Mateo and Eva as he joins his family for their first holiday together
SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Ben Fogle's crazy eye cure? His sister-in-law's BREAST milk! Adventurer explains odd treatment
SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Lewinsky joins Clarkson and his blonde for Lady Goldsmith's annual bash... but there is a change of venue
Gore blimey! Titus is not for faint-hearts: QUENTIN LETTS says don't have supper before you see this version of the Bard's bloodiest play 
'He copped off with someone else?' Naked Attraction host Anna Richardson is stunned after contestant reveals he prepared for his date by partying until 6am
'Andrew Garfield is the Rachel Dolezal of gay men': Spider-man actor sparks outrage for saying he is a 'gay man without performing the physical act'
EXCLUSIVE: Foos Fight! Ex- drummer calls Dave Grohl a 'bully' who re-recorded most of his work on their 1997 album 'so they didn't have to pay him'
Golden girl! Heidi Klum, 44, looks youthful in low-cut silk dress with severe slit  to promote Project Runway... after reuniting with Vito
Where's the rodeo? Ariel Winter looks racy in her country-themed outfit complete with Daisy Duke shorts, crop top and cowboy boots
Stephanie Davis flaunts her figure in a thong bikini in previously unseen pictures... as ex Jeremy McConnell claims she's pregnant again
Matt Bellamy's model girlfriend Elle Evans flaunts her figure in a blue floral bikini as she holidays with the Muse frontman and his son Bingham
'I'm finally comfortable with my body': Former Victoria's Secret model Sarah Stephens, 27, says she's learned to be confident in her own skin
Selena Gomez posts moody image tagged Fetish suggesting she's about to drop a new single... and her beau The Weeknd 'likes' it
'It's harder than people think': Aubrey Plaza reveals her signature deadpan comedy is tricky to master while posing for smoldering new shoot 
'They're ashamed': Kardashian family FURIOUS at Rob's revenge porn posts of 'cheating' Blac Chyna as they fear long-term damage to Dream'
'We should Photoshop me over his yearbook photo next': Ryan Reynolds helps heartbroken fan get revenge on her ex when they split after prom
Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin finally sell NYC penthouse for $10.7m after slashing price (but still end up with an impressive profit)
Sarah Jessica Parker and Matthew Broderick begin building New York mega-mansion after buying two neighboring properties for $34.5m 
'Yes, we are a couple!' Marc Anthony's MUCH younger flame, Italian model Raffaella Modugno, confirms new romance
Lizzie Cundy, 47, flaunts her taut stomach and ample cleavage in bondage-inspired bikini during sun-filled breakaway to the Maldives
Hawaiian kisses! Olivia Munn's ex Joel Kinnaman smooches his sexy tattoo artist wife Cleo as they show off their toned bodies on the beach
Love Island's Jess Shears and Dom Lever head back to their hotel following romantic date night... after beauty denies romp with hunky Mike Thalassitis
Not long to go! Bride-to-be Shanina Shaik flaunts exotic beauty in flawless selfie after hinting her wedding to DJ Ruckus could happen any day now
Rebel Rebel! Actress Wilson and body double get ready to film on the set of Isn't It Romantic in New York City
Hard at work! Katie Holmes looks chic in pink wrap and jeans as she gets into character while shooting new film The Gift in Montreal
'I've had male co-stars take a pay cut': Emma Stone reveals 'selfless' act from some castmates to ensure wage equality
Kelly Brook dazzles in a low cut tight dress as Twitter goes wild for her VERY busty display during bikini segment on This Morning
Paul Walker's daughter Meadow, 18, returns to Instagram after almost year long hiatus 
Padma Lakshmi and daughter Krishna wear matching hot pink shirts and denim while out in New York City
Macklemore surprises grandmother with stripper and shopping spree as she celebrates 100th birthday in rapper's sweet new music video
Billie Lourd 'splits' from beau of eight months Taylor Lautner who was by her side when her mom Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds died
Steven Yeun reveals The Walking Dead character 'never felt like he got his fair due' as he talks career after Glenn
SPOILER ALERT! Fear The Walking Dead viewers in for a shock as Jake Otto is confronted by a familiar face while a showdown looms in epic finale
PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Girls' Jemima Kirke packs on PDA with singer Alex Cameron in New York following split from husband
Back in the saddle: Gerard Butler commands attention as he casually cycles around the sunny streets of Berlin and delights onlookers
'Happy one-year, baby': Ciara celebrates first wedding anniversary with Russell Wilson by hiring airplane featuring cute banner message
SPOILER ALERT: Ellie Young enjoys steamy kiss with Big Brother newbie Sam AGAIN before 'Hurricane' Sue Evans accuses the hunk of having a showmance
Make-up free Vanessa Hudgens flashes taut tummy in sports bra and leggings after sweaty gym session
Posing up a Storm! Tallia puts on a chic display in plunging backless black dress and killer heels as she visits the Eiffel Tower in Paris
Celine Dion makes a bold sartorial statement in a billowing checked shirt with an oversized bow as she steps out in Paris 
Puppy love! Nina Dobrev teaches her new dog old tricks at an LA park as she showcases her stunning figure in athletic gear
Rad in plaid! Gwen Stefani rocks casual look in oversized button-up shirt and ripped jeans while running errands in Los Angeles
'My nerd': Smitten Perrie Edwards can't help but melt over boyfriend Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain with a series of hilarious geeky snaps
'Go away!' Queen tells off a VERY naughty Shetland pony after he tries to take a bite out of her posy during a visit to Stirling Castle
Could this be Philip's LAST Duke of Edinburgh presentation? Royal hosts 'poignant' youth achievement awards in Scotland ahead of his retirement
Coronation Street's new cast member Melissa Johns films her first scenes as she becomes the second disabled actress to join the soap
'They just couldn't care less!' A frustrated Phillip Schofield almost swears on This Morning as his GOAT yoga class with Holly Willoughby goes hilariously wrong
TOWIE's Courtney Green teases her ample assets and perky behind in revealing bikini... as she drags out birthday celebrations with lavish Stateside holiday
EXCLUSIVE: Venus Williams gets emergency court order AGAINST family who accuse her of causing death of 78-year-old man in car crash
Prince Ernst August of Hanover marries Russian designer Ekaterina Malysheva in a VERY low-key city hall wedding (but there will be a big castle bash too)
'Older women don't just disappear - they are relevant': Christie Brinkley says ladies over 60 need to be 'represented' as she talks aging
Days Of Our Lives star Alison Sweeney granted restraining order against Oklahoma fan who has 'harassed' her for years and claimed they had 'affair'
'All in this together!': Will & Grace stars 'strip off' to sip bubbly in a bubble bath in latest promo for the sitcom's revival
 Stan Lee's wife Joan dies at 93 after 69 years of marriage to Marvel Comics legend
Ellie Goulding flaunts her incredible figure in a tiny pink bikini as she packs on the PDA with boyfriend Caspar Jopling on romantic Italian getaway
'I have some grey hairs now!' Lorde discusses the 'pressure' to release another hit album... and reveals she DOESN'T Google herself
Love Island newbie Jamie Jewitt's older brother is serving ten years in prison for £5m cocaine bust
Everything al-Wright? Mark looks stony-faced as he runs errands in Essex... after former fiancée Lauren Goodger claims he had her 'kicked out' of Sheesh
She's (definitely) The One! Robbie Williams and Ayda Field pack on the PDA as they share passionate smooch at clothing launch in Germany
Catherine Zeta-Jones and Michael Douglas give rare glimpse into family life as they enjoy lavish dinner with their teenagers Dylan and Carys
'Nothing like a mother's pampering': Michael Bublé's  wife Luisana Lopilato shares sweet snap of son Noah, three, as he recovers from cancer
'I've had the s****est year of my life': George Shelley breaks his silence since the tragic death of his younger sister as he gushes about 'supportive' beau
Living the dream: Crystal heiress Victoria Swarovski continues her endless summer at Berlin Fashion Week after honeymooning in St Tropez
Now it's Carole's turn! Middleton matriarch unveils a new hairdo as she FINALLY takes her seat in the Royal Box - after her children beat her to it this week 
Prince Charles opens up about the 'pride and concern' he felt when his son Harry served with the Army Air Corps as he celebrates the unit's 60th anniversary
Tangerine Queen! Monarch wears a vibrant orange ensemble to open a Highland Spring factory in Scotland during Holyrood Week
'I'm getting married to my best friend': John Cena gushes about engagement to WWE star fiancée Nikki Bella ahead of his Australian speaking tour
RHOC star Kelly Dodd gets into cussing match with guy she claims tried to steal her drinks at July 4 party
'It's not a great combination': Jillian Michaels blames Biggest Loser co-star Bob Harper's heart attack on his Paleo diet and 'poor genetics'
We're engaged! Patton Oswalt's new fiancee Meredith Salenger flashes ring and cuddles his daughter 15 months after heartbreaking death of wife Michelle 
'Suck my left t**': The Walking Dead's Christian Serratos claps back at backlash over breastfeeding picture with a new photo
Karlie Kloss flashes her leather bra under a sheer polka-dot blouse as she turns heads in racy ensemble during Haute Couture Fashion Week in Paris
Dancing queens! Pop princesses Charli XCX and Dua Lipa get their groove on as they party up a storm at Warner Music summer bash
Alessandra Ambrosio flaunts toned midriff and peachy posterior in skimpy swimwear as she makes a splash in Greece with fiance Jamie Mazur
Faizon Love avoids jail after admitting assault of airport valet during argument over bill...as long as he stays out of trouble for two years
The happiest dad on earth! This Is Us star Justin Hartley treats daughter Isabella to Disney World trip to celebrate her 13th birthday
'I am a gay man without the physical act': Emma Stone's ex Andrew Garfield admits he's open to the possibility of a same-sex relationship 
Love Island's Tyla Carr oozes sex appeal as she smoulders in racy swimwear... after receiving death threats over Jonny Mitchell romance
SPOILER ALERT: 'It wouldn't work in real life!': Love Island's Olivia appears to END romance with tearful Chris... after two hunky men enter the villa 
Penelope Cruz's sister Monica, 40, displays her taut stomach and perky posterior in sizzling red bikini during Marbella beach break
No sleepless nights here! Make-up free Binky Felstead looks radiant as she steps out after sharing sweet selfie with newborn daughter India
Newly-single Kerry Katona shares hilarious snap of daughter Dylan-Jorge, 3, smearing her entire face with make-up... days after the tot hacked off her hair
She's a TEN(nis)! Imogen Thomas flaunts her phenomenal curves in a TINY white bikini as she gets into the Wimbledon spirit
'I felt like throwing up!': Golnesa 'GG' Gharachedaghi said she knew 'hours' after marrying Shalom Yeroushalmi on a whim that it was a big mistake
Carole Radziwill rates former flame George Clooney 9 out of 10 in bed as ladies of RHONY play Truth or Dare
Her rock! Miranda Lambert reveals she calls beau Anderson East when close to a meltdown as she poses for Cosmopolitan's first country issue
'We tried very hard to keep them': CBS claims it offered Daniel Dae Kim and Grace Park 'large and significant' pay increases not to leave Hawaii Five-0
Out with the old, in with the 'in Vogue': Fashion bible's new editor hires BFF Naomi Campbell alongside Kate Moss and Steve McQueen in new roles
'I'm still a giant loser!' Lorde reflects on leaving behind her teenage years and reveals she will drink a yard-long glass of beer to celebrate her 21st 
Denise Welch leaves her teenage son livid as she interrupts shopping trip to perform VERY public dance to song by his brother Matty Healy's band The 1975
Seething Lauren Goodger launches into frenzied Twitter rant after she is 'forced to leave' Essex restaurant Sheesh 'because Mark Wright was on his way'
World exclusive trailer of BBC Earth's 'One Amazing Day' reveals the mesmerising beauty of 24 hours on our planet
'Big sister cheer is here!': Flipping Out's Jenni Pulos shares first photo of her new baby Georgia Grace with daughter Alianna
Leading ladies! Melania and Ivanka look striking in statement prints as they join President Trump for the first full day of his Poland trip
'People should be able to live without fear': Melania Trump shines in $2650 blue and hot pink dress as she delivers powerful speech at Warsaw Monument
Uma Thurman and Ethan Hawke's daughter leads all-star cast in new BBC adaptation of Louisa May Alcott's classic novel Little Women
Trying to impress someone? Brad Pitt shows off his muscles in tight T-shirt at his Los Angeles art studio... amid romance rumours with Sienna Miller
Big Brother bosses consider 'moving house abroad to compete with Love Island' as ratings continue to plummet and viewership reaches an all-time low
Oh, brother! Stony-faced Khloe Kardashian leans on boyfriend Tristan Thompson... as younger sibling Rob launches explicit rant against ex Blac Chyna
Victoria's Secret star Romee Strijd shows off her endless legs and a glimpse of her slender midriff in tiny shorts as she heads to the gym with boyfriend Laurens
So '90s! RHOC star Tamra Judge looks like Britney Spears in throwback photo... after beaming at her estranged daughter's graduation
He popped the question! Bachelor vet Marcus Grodd proposes to Ally Lutar in Vancouver with stunning three-carat diamond ring
Beauty and a beat! Jennifer Hawkins shows off her killer body in a skimpy bikini while dancing to music ... as she continues to holiday in the Maldives
'It's out with the old and in with the new': FOUR more Emmerdale stars quit show bringing total up to 10 exits in 12 months....as producer is likened to Trump
EastEnders fans are left heartbroken as the off-screen death of Robbie Jackson's beloved pet pooch Wellard II is revealed
One Elle of a body! Newly-single Macpherson, 53, showcases her incredible figure in jaw-dropping throwback snap
He's a real team player! Cheerful Prince Harry limbers up for a game of seven-a-side rugby as he joins a children's sporting festival in Leeds
'I'm rich': Smug Blac Chyna taunts Rob Kardashian by posing with '$250k' diamonds he gave her and another man dressed in his robe after cheating claims 
Now that's rock and roll: Singer John Mayer is caught in the strongest earthquake to hit Montana in 12 years
Game of Thrones' Lena Headey wows in haute-heritage shoot as she reveals she suffered from 'horrendous' postnatal depression during first season
(I)man, she looks good! Model Chanel flaunts her enviably toned abs in white crop top as she joins chic Sofia Richie at star-studded July 4 party in Malibu
Something to tell us, Cressida? Prince Harry's ex puts on a VERY cosy display as she strolls arm-in-arm with a male friend 
'It was really cliquey and bitchy': Love Island reject Chyna Ellis blasts female co-stars and says she 'had a feeling' Kem would dump her for Amber
Rooneys 'planning to move to custom-built £10m country mansion close to his Merseyside childhood home' amid rumours of Wayne's return to Everton 
Socialite Caroline Vreeland flashes her bottom AGAIN as her sexily slashed shirt-dress catches the wind in Paris
EXCLUSIVE: Nicky Hilton expecting second child with husband James Rothschild... less than one year after birth of daughter
Beach babe Draya Michele flashes sideboob and peachy posterior in thong swimsuit as she frolics in the waves in Mexico
A chip off the old block! David and Brooklyn Beckham cut dashing figures as they suit up for dinner in London
'Grotbags has passed away. That's a bit of my childhood gone': Twitter mourns as children's TV star Carol Lee Scott dies, aged 74
'Come home now': Lottie Moss looks downcast during night out in London after sharing emotional post pining for boyfriend Alex Mytton 
Is it gold in there? Aisleyne Horgan-Wallace flaunts her buxom bust and pert derriere in perilously low-cut swimsuit for a dip in Los Angeles
Ageless beauty Janice Dickinson, 62, hits the beach in a skimpy white bikini for Independence Day
The wacky Factor! Sharon Osbourne and Simon Cowell put on VERY kooky displays as they reunite with fellow judges on night out
The truth about Ronaldo's twins: Revealed, how the world's richest footballer (who has a beautiful girlfriend) used frozen embryos and a surrogate to create perfect mini-mes
'He NEVER paid child maintenance': Stephanie Davis launches into tirade over ex Jeremy McConnell... as she accuses him of living with her 'rent free' and 'giving her chlamydia'
What happened to Robbie? Williams looks notably different with fuller features and darker hair as he attends German anniversary celebration
'I don't feel the need to play it safe': Love Island's new girl Georgia SHAKES up the villa by breaking up official couple Amber and Kem... as Jonny brands Theo a 'b***end' in dramatic re-coupling
PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Slimmed down Kim Kardashian shows off her taut figure in skimpy bra top and shorts on grueling hike
'Get over yourself!' Lauren Pope lashes out at Mark Wright after his seething ex-girlfriend Lauren Goodger accuses him of throwing her out of Essex restaurant
Topless Kylie Jenner wraps up in nothing but a towel for bedroom selfie as she wigs out in bright maroon hairpiece
'The age gap was a problem': Joe Quaranta, 56, becomes the fifth housemate to be evicted from Big Brother... as he brands his experience 'draining'
Doctors warn 'Human Ken Doll' his nose could 'turn black and FALL OFF' after he underwent three rhinoplasty procedures in one year, completely destroying his skin 
Pink breastfeeds son Jameson during glam session... after daughter Willow suffers bloody nose at bike track
Youthful Trinny Woodall, 53, looks incredible as she posts a video flaunting her washboard abs in a tiny black bikini
Love Island's Jamie Jewitt revealed to have had a 'secret romance with former TOWIE star Jessica Wright'... after ex-girlfriend branded  male model a 'love rat'
'He said this is Rocky, Rocky B': Love Island's Gabby reveals boyfriend Marcel has named his manhood after his Blazing Squad moniker... but is left facing a backlash
Pregnant Kim Murray looks elegant in a floral shift dress as she excitedly cheers on husband Andy  during day five of Wimbledon Championships
Ben Affleck 'had affair with Lindsay Shookus during marriage to Jennifer Garner': SNL producer steps out as shock new claims emerge 
Leggy Kimberley Garner shows off her slender figure in a floral playsuit with a ruffled neckline as she attends film screening
Bikini-clad Alicia Vikander hides her washboard abs under a white cover-up as she joins beau Michael Fassbender and their friends on a yacht as they enjoy an intimate Ibiza getaway
Plenty to catch up on! Skinny James Argent joins Mark Wright for a gruelling bike ride.. as his BFF's former flame Lauren Goodger accuses him of 'kicking her out' of Essex eatery
Glamorous Michelle Heaton slips into TWO dresses as she steps out with her brood for children's launch... just days after being left red-faced (literally) following sunbathing mishap
PICTURED: New parents George and Amal Clooney are seen with month-old twins Ella and Alexander for first time as they take a luxury private jet to Italy
Party boat! Hailey Baldwin frolics in purple bikini on Miami cruise with Joe Jonas and Wilmer Valderrama
Love Island shock as Amber Davies 'fears she might be pregnant with Kem Cetinay's child'... after producers are forced to step in and give her the morning after pill
Look away, Rob! Blac Chyna shares a smooch with a mystery man... as it emerges ex Kardashian has 'cut her off financially' 
'Cheers for c*ckblocking me': Big Brother star Sam and Ellie Young are left annoyed as Sue tells the pair to stop kissing so loudly in bed together
Lizzie Cundy, 47, shows off some serious sideboob in a revealing white swimsuit with a low-cut neckline as she hits the beach in the Maldives
Who's who in the Wimbledon Royal Box: David Beckham and Anna Wintour are among famous faces watching Andy Murray and Rafael Nadal 
Newly single Amy Childs takes a stroll with baby Polly after splitting from jailbird beau Bradley Wright... but insists they WILL remain friends
'I'm bored of him': Tyla reveals romance with Jonny is on the rocks... after Love Island newbie Theo admits he wants to couple up with her
Helen Flanagan flashes her stomach in a crop top as she brings cute daughter Matilda along to star-studded Alton Towers event
Love Island's Jess Shears showcases very ample cleavage as she cosies up to Dom Lever in Manchester... after dishing the dirt on their 'grabby and rough' sex
Jeremy McConnell enjoys night out with pretty Love Island blonde in Dublin... as he sports two black eyes following hotel brawl with Stephanie Davis
Cheers! Lady Victoria Hervey dresses up as a pint of lager and has a giggle with footballer Jamie O'Hara as the unlikely duo enjoy a day at the polo
A Lott of leg! Pixie shows off her toned and tanned pins in a gingham mini-dress as she mingles at House Festival
Love Island's Caroline Flack displays her enviably toned curves in an off-shoulder playsuit as she joins leggy Laura Whitmore at House Festival
Fun in the sun! Pregnant Chanelle Hayes proudly shows off her burgeoning bump as she frolics on the beach
Hitting the right notes! Myleene Klass looks effortlessly elegant in a strapless floral gown as she attends music event
'She is not sure she feels ready': Sarah Harding has doubts after 'signing up for Celebrity Big Brother's new series'... amid claims of 'wild six-week affair' with Danny Dyer
Pregnant Abbey Clancy displays a hint of baby bump as she packs on the PDA with husband Peter at Kings of Leon British Summer Time gig in London
No ghostbusting needed!  Kristen Wiig sells hilltop mid-century modern LA home for a cool $2million
Nicole Scherzinger shows off her curves in a figure-hugging bandage top and shiny green trousers as she dines in London... after flying from Mykonos for The X Factor auditions
Hot mama! Jenna Dewan is a fashionable flyer in Kanye West cap and low-cut bodysuit as she and Channing Tatum jet from LAX
'We are so blessed': Erica Durance will replace Laura Benanti as Supergirl's mother Alura in show's third season
'My bathroom is nuts!' Bella Thorne shares glimpse of graffiti covered walls inside her home following party
Jacqui Ritchie puts on a chic display in a floral cold-shoulder frock as she enjoys a pineapple cocktail with husband Guy at pal's star-studded wedding
Feeling fruity! Claudia Winkleman dazzles in a bright yellow gingham maxi dress as she attends a friend's wedding in London
Amanda Holden leaves ITV studios with her lookalike daughter Hollie... as fans slam 'awkward' presenting style
Revealed: Jeremy Renner broke both arms while filming stunt on Avengers: Infinity War
Cara Delevingne flaunts her bleached buzz cut in Paris as she puts on a typically edgy display in a bomber jacket and bandana after attending Fashion Week
David Beckham cuts a dapper figure in a slick navy suit as he and mother Sandra mingle with Vogue editor Anna Wintour in the Wimbledon Royal Box
KATIE HOPKINS: The Wimbledon royal box should be for real royals and the kings and queens of tennis - not the pushy Middleton mafia
Love all! Camilla Kerslake flaunts GIANT diamond engagement ring as she cosies up to Chris Robshaw to lead the stars attending Wimbledon
Blac Chyna to seek restraining order against 'violent' Rob Kardashian: Reality star seen after hiring lawyer who represented Mischa Barton following ex's revenge porn tirade
How Macca and Linda gate-crashed our holidays (and conceived their first baby), writes Beatles biographer HUNTER DAVIES in his memoir 
Make-up free Lauren Goodger dons grey tracksuit pants as she steps out for the first time since 'pathetic' ex Mark Wright 'got her kicked her out of eatery'
Thirsty work! Zara Phillips cools off with some water as she competes in the Barbury Horse Trials in sunny Wiltshire
Natural beauty! Jennifer Lawrence looks flawless with no makeup on as she lands in New York after making a splash during Paris Fashion Week
Just a coincidence? Olivier Martinez races away from the Chateau Marmont ONE DAY after ex Kylie Minogue shares photo of herself inside the same hotel
No pain, no fame: Jackass vet Steve-O suffers major burns after pouring rocket engine fuel on himself during stunt for new comedy special
Rock chic! Chloe Grace Moretz teams Rolling Stones T-shirt with tailored denim as she heads to meeting in LA
She looks just like a Kardashian! Kim's best friend Larsa Pippen slips into low-cut dress to celebrate 43rd birthday... after messy split from Scottie
Age-defying Liz Hurley, 52, shows off her toned figure in a skimpy scarlet two-piece as she celebrates National Bikini Day
Fifi Geldof takes a fashion risk in a mauve jumpsuit and matching lipstick as she enjoys day out at House Festival
Maxima and her mini-mes! Queen joins King Willem-Alexander and their trio of strawberry blonde daughters for annual royal family photo (and they arrived by BOAT)
Well, he did want to tie the knot! Ben Fogle reveals the VERY romantic way he proposed to wife Marina after 49 days at sea without a jewellery shop in sight (and it's better than a diamond)
The last home rapper Tupac Shakur lived in before his 1996 murder is placed on the market for $2.6 million
'Walk away from all the drama': Sister of Nick Kyrgios' girlfriend shares cryptic social media post after the tennis bad boy was seen stumbling out of a nightclub with two other women
The grace of Nureyev and the effortless power of Ali: Self-confessed Fedhead WILLIAM SKIDELSKY argues why Roger Federer is the greatest ever 
SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Something caught your eye, Mr Hague? Blonde soprano Camilla Kerslake's form-fitting outfit risks distracting former Tory leader 
SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Luvvie Emma enjoys a lavish Greek cruise on a £24,000-a-week 161ft party boat used by the Kardashians 
Heidi Klum puts on a leggy display in cropped skinny jeans with  charming ladybird sweater while out in New York
Family night: Celine Dion rocks out in an edgy embellished ensemble as she joins her dressed down son Rene-Charles Angelil for dinner in Paris
'Their relationship feels so real': Caroline Flack thinks Olivia Attwood and Chris Hughes could WIN Love Island
Hitting 'em up!  More bad news for Kendall and Kylie Jenner as they are sued by photographer for using his Tupac images on unauthorized shirts
'It's the size of an elephant's trunk!' Montana gushes about Alex's manhood... after becoming third couple in the Love Island villa to have sex
The Only Way Is Off! Busty Frankie Essex whips off her bikini top as she puts on a racy display in LA... following two stone weight loss
Olivia Wilde legs it around New York in colourful arty frock as she continues to dazzle audiences in 'shocking' production of George Orwell's 1984
Davina McCall, 49, showcases her toned figure in a form-fitting bardot dress as she leads the Attitude Pride Awards arrivals
Proud mother Kimberley Walsh cuts a casual figure in a floral maxidress as she enjoys rare family outing with her two sons and husband Justin Scott 
That Kardashian life! Kourtney boasts about dressing in head to toe Dior while at luxury villa on adults-only St Tropez trip 
Heating up Hamburg: Ivanka Trump struts her stuff in £1,500 jumpsuit as she and Jared Kushner continue to pile on the PDA at G20 summit
Pregnant Ferne McCann dresses her baby bump in figure-fitting sports gear as she keeps fit while expecting
A call to arms! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson flexes his bicep in response to Jessica Biel's request for him to support US troops
The look of love! Brigitte Nielsen, 53, and husband Mattia Dessi, 38, head for lunch hand-in-hand in Los Angeles
'I poured nail varnish into his Xbox!' Catherine Tyldesley reveals she can relate to her Corrie character Eva Price after bitter revenge on a cheating ex
Lovely in leather! Courteney Cox, 53, appears youthful in motorcycle jacket over floral dress as she heads to West Hollywood dinner
Tom Daley's husband Dustin Lance Black rants against 'disgusting' Theresa May over DUP deal that he claims is 'hurtful and harmful' to gay people
Steal their Insta-style! FEMAIL finds the best outfit-of-the-day snaps taken by fashionable celebs like Olivia Culpo and Reese Witherspoon - and reveals where to shop their exact pieces
It's sporty Pattison! Vicky looks gym ready in grey camouflage leggings as she joins Ashley James at London launch party
Liam Gallagher's Love Island obsession reaches new heights as eagle-eyed fans spot picture of Dom Lever saved to his camera roll
'Failing beautifully' as a mother: Pink shares funny photo as she ignores daughter Willow cycling indoors 'without clothes and helmet'
Video vixen! Dua Lipa shows off killer abs while sporting sexy black bra in New Rules music video
Brooke Burke poses for sizzling bikini selfie in St Tropez after sharing workout tips with fans
Watch out, Amber! Ex-TOWIE star Georgia Harrison prepares to cause a stir as Love Island's latest newcomer... as she sets her sights on Kem
EXCLUSIVE 'Alex is ready to be a dad and my tummy is tingling': Olivia Buckland on marriage, babies and why this year's Love Island is 'more savage'
Jennifer Garner steps out amid claims she was left 'devastated' by Ben Affleck's 'full-blown affair' with SNL producer Lindsay Shookus during marriage
'It makes my cleavage look amazing!': Coco Austin models gravity-defying bra for 'big boob problem because I'm still breastfeeding'
Just like mom! Kaia Gerber wears same cut-off shorts Cindy Crawford modeled in 1992 Pepsi commercial as she strolls with male friend in Malibu
This is her perfect haircut! Martine McCutcheon looks dramatically different as she debuts new short bobbed style... after releasing her first album in 14 years
From curvy lady to cardio queen! Shahs Of Sunset star Mercedes 'MJ' Javid flaunts figure during hike... after losing almost 20lbs this year
Dawn French stuns fans as she shows off her dramatically slimmer frame after losing seven-and-a half stone in weight
Game Of Thrones star Lena Headey says she believes she lost out on roles because she wouldn't flirt with casting directors, but insists she's 'very happy' she didn't 'play that game'
Amber Heard and Jason Momoa chill on back of truck with director James Wan in behind-the-scenes shot from Aquaman set
'I felt like I was five years old': Kesha discusses awkward moment Jerry Seinfeld refused to hug her
Heavily pregnant Abi Titmuss flaunts her blossoming bump as she leaves her rock star husband Ari Welkom's gig in Los Angeles
'I'm concerned for her safety': Love Island star Tyla Carr's dad reveals plans to hire bodyguards for reality beauty as she's rocked by death threats
Instagram star and swimsuit model Alexis Ren lands first major magazine cover, posing for Maxim in very sexy cleavage-baring outfits, as she insists she is more than just a 'pretty face'
Forget something? Make-up free Amber Turner ditches her usual Essex glamour (and her trousers!) as she runs errands in just a T-shirt
Holding court: Lilly Becker sports face paint as she throws a garden party for son Amadeus at sprawling home... after Boris is declared bankrupt
George Clooney 'planning to move Amal and their twins back to LA amid security concerns over £20m English country manor', claims magazine report 
Khloe Kardashian takes her mind off brother Rob's ongoing revenge porn drama as she enjoys date night with beau Tristan Thompson
'I may hang up my judging wig': British design judge Laurence Llewelyn-Bowen hints he's quitting House Rules to put family commitments first
Blac Chyna steps out with hairstylist pal who posted video of himself in her bed... as Rob Kardashian 'cuts her off financially' after social media rant
'In bed, watching Love Island!' Ladies' man Shane Warne outs himself as an 'obsessed' fan of raunchy reality show after live-tweeting
'I used to be so orange it looked like I'd bathed in gravy!' Lydia Bright reveals she's going for the natural look... as she admits she started fake tanning aged JUST 11
Sultry in the sun! Shanina Shaik smolders in bright salmon swimsuit during Malibu photo shoot
Going strong! Jennifer Lopez showcases her ample curves as she holds hands with beau Alex Rodriguez for a romantic stroll in NYC
It's a dark, throbbing survivalist horror story... and It Comes At Night doesn't end well for anyone involved 
'Sexy lingerie is my secret weapon to boost confidence!': Model Ashley Graham poses in skimpy bra and undies while unwinding on a sofa
Karsplashian! Jet skiing Kourtney, 38, canoodles in the sea with Younes Bendjima, 24, as she shows off her shapely posterior in thong swimsuit
Back to work! Sheepish looking British tennis starlet heads to courts for first time since partying until 3am with Wimbledon 'bad boy' Nick Kyrgios
Love (Island) rat! Theo Campbell had a secret GIRLFRIEND before entering the ITV2 show... and her Twitter post exposing his ways has gone viral
Make-up free Lily James looks kooky in wide-legged pinstripe trousers as she enjoys a spot of shopping in fashion capital Milan
California girls! TOWIE's Chloe Meadows flaunts ample assets in tiny string bikini as she joins curvaceous Courtney Green in Los Angeles
Newly-engaged Mario Falcone cuddles up to fiancée Becky Miesner as they enjoy a romantic stroll in the park 
Youthful Liv Tyler looks chic as she leaves the BST Festival with fiancé Dave Gardner... after celebrating her milestone 40th birthday
Leggy Vogue Williams flaunts toned pins and tiny waist in burnt orange dress at British Style Collective launch in Liverpool
Melania towers over Putin at the G20: The First Lady shakes hands with the Russian president after finally making it out of her hotel room where she was trapped by rioters
Jeremy Corbyn urges supporters to 'Vote for Marcel to win Love Island': Labour leader tells a student magazine he wants ex-Blazin' Squad star to win 
Busty Jess Shears cosies up to Dom Lever on date night... as she describes sex with her Love Island beau as 'rough and grabby' and talks marriage and kids
Something for you too, ma'am! The Queen smiles as she's presented with a bunch of flowers by a little girl after handing out royal medals in Edinburgh
The Queen's Justice! HBO releases first three episode titles for season seven of Game Of Thrones... and hints at an execution
'It's more than a fling': Ben Affleck 'in the early stages of dating SNL producer Lindsay Shookus' after filing for divorce from Jennifer Garner 
Andy Murray reveals that Peppa Pig is his favourite TV show as he calls the cartoon a 'lifesaver' when it comes to keeping daughter Sophia, 1, quiet
It's getting serious! Flip Or Flop star Christina El Moussa has already introduced her kids to Doug Spedding's SIX children
Too warm, your Majesty? Photograph captures rare glimpse of the Queen dispensing with formality - and her trademark coat - to display summer dress
Mark Wright enjoys a night on the town... as raging Lauren Goodger tells her ex to 'own the f*** up' over restaurant bust-up in furious Twitter rant
Member badge revoked? Lorde reveals she isn't part of Taylor Swift's 'squad'... after comparing their friendship to an 'autoimmune disease'
EXCLUSIVE 'It was very emotional': Naomi Campbell makes a surprise appearance on the Azzedine Alaia catwalk at Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week
Jessica Simpson shares snap of daughter Maxwell pouting in make-up on playdate with BFF CaCee Cobb's little girl
Dianna Agron oozes casual chic in duster jacket over sweater and skirt as she braves wet New York weather
Sassy Blac Chyna slips into a dominatrix-inspired latex bodysuit as she turns her attention to new shoot amid Rob Kardashian feud
Mollie King flashes a hint of toned tum in cutout LBD as she joins leggy Nicola Roberts at Beards Jewellery launch
'I'm the happiest I've ever been': LCD Soundsystem's Gavin Russom comes out as trans woman ahead of tour
Starting them young! Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy freestyle raps in leaked audio of bonus track from father Jay-Z's new 4:44 album
Cara Delevingne rocks an edgy sports luxe look as she joins chic Georgia May Jagger at exhibition launch in Paris
She loves drama! Celine Dion dramatically poses in Victorian-inspired outfit for an outrageous photo shoot in Paris
'You put me through hell': Kesha hits back at her former producer Dr Luke with a powerful video for her first single in four years
Lauren Goodger hits out at claims she 'was asked to leave Essex eatery because she didn't have a reservation and stole chairs to sit with friends'
So in love! Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez hit gym together... as singer and actress flaunts fab figure in yoga pants and pink bra
We had to pay for Rick Parfitt's funeral, claims Status Quo frontman: Francis Rossi also suggests 'money and ego' played a part in his friend's death
Holiday's over! Lea Michele shows off tanned limbs in LA as she shops for groceries in tiny shorts after Hawaiian vacation
Racy in red! Iggy Azalea sizzles in buttock-baring outfit with black laces as she rocks Univision awards show
No shame in her game! Amy Schumer shares silly swimsuit snap with her legs wide open in honour of National Bikini Day
'To think we come from convict stock!' Strictly's Craig Revel Horwood discovers his ancestor was a CRIMINAL as he delves into his family history
That looks tasty! Taylor Hill dons Rolling Stones tongue T-shirt as she steps out with beau Michael Shank
'Do I look like step Mother Theresa?' Selma Blair reveals on Instagram that she's joined TV reboot of Heathers
The happiest couple on earth! Patton Oswalt takes new fiancée Meredith Salenger to Disneyland after announcing engagement
Demure Lauren Pope covers up in a simple blue dress for Ladies Day at Sandown races... as she continues to showcase the results of her breast implants removal
Legs eleven! Heidi Klum shows off her famous limbs in leather mini-dress after GMA appearance
Lena Dunham blasted by shelter for giving away dog she adopted from facility after FOUR years due to behavioral issues' - but she claims she did 'what the best mother would do'
Rapper T.I. and wife Tiny guarded by assault rifle-wielding security at Detroit nightclub... amid claims he paid Blac Chyna to have a threesome with them 
Sheer delight! Singer Lorde flashes her black bra in see-through top as she performs an intimate concert in Sydney
What a Gal! Gadot flashes her Wonder Woman legs in spandex leggings as she goes for a stroll after workout
'Friends sometimes make out': Logan Paul offers a half-hearted explanation after he was spotted kissing his newly-single 'crush' Chloe Bennet in Hawaii
American Gods' Kristin Chenoweth, Ian McShane, and Emily Browning reunite at Outfest
EXCLUSIVE: 'We were just having a good time': Stunning blonde, 18, seen partying with an injured Nick Kyrgios until 3am insists the pair are 'just old friends' 
Prince Ernst August of Hanover puts on lavish show of German tradition as he walks the aisle with his Russian fashion designer bride - but the groom's father is nowhere to be seen 
Cristiano Ronaldo takes dive while showing off flyboarding skills as he joins son and girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez in Spain... amid claims she is pregnant
Windswept Cheryl debuts her lighter locks on Instagram... as she continues to make social media comeback following the birth of son Bear
Victoria Beckham snuggles up to Harper in sweet selfie before kicking off early birthday celebrations for her daughter with David
True Blood star Nelsan Ellis dies aged 39 of 'complications with heart failure'
'We're both in this photo... you're in the tummy': Princes William and Harry leaf through their family album as they discuss their late mother in documentary on Diana's life
'Happy Birthday my sweet P!' Kim Kardashian shares cute snap of niece Penelope playing with daughter North
Message from Meeks? Chloe Green beams at her mobile phone as she hangs out with Michelle Rodriguez in St Tropez... after facing backlash over her 'affair' with married model Jeremy
Pregnant Katie Piper cradles her blossoming baby bump in silk jumpsuit as she joins husband Richard Sutton at star-studded Wimbledon party
Washing the drama right out of their hair? Love Island's female stars head to the salon to spruce up their locks to 'distract from current tensions in the villa' 
Trendy pals Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner look in high spirits as they're joined by Kylie Jenner to support her rapper beau Travis Scott at Wireless
Don't rain(bow) on their parade! Kendall Jenner flashes her flat stomach in a tiny bandeau top while pal Bella Hadid sizzles in denim as they celebrate London Pride
Lady Victoria Hervey and Jamie O'Hara put on an eye-popping display in matching rainbow angel outfits as the unlikely pair celebrate London Pride
Curves ahead! Ashley Graham sizzles in racy bikini snaps as she reveals her bountiful bosom and enviable figure
Love Island's Jessica Shears flaunts her abs in a skimpy crop top and leggings with sheer panels at beauty launch
PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Lauren Goodger visits her jailbird beau Joey Morrison with rolllers in her hair... after she accused 'pathetic' ex Mark Wright of 'kicking her out' of Essex eatery
Chloe Green and billionaire father Sir Phillip cut a low profile as they enjoy another St Tropez break... after backlash over her 'affair' with married Jeremy Meeks
'They are seriously considering it in the future': Smitten Vogue Williams and beau Spencer Matthews are hoping to move in together after seven months of dating
Love Island's Jess Shears flashes underboob in a VERY revealing swimsuit as she celebrates reaching 1 million Instagram followers with a cheeky dance
Keep those receipts! Blac Chyna's side piece Rarri True RETURNS $136k worth of jewelry he bought for her after Rob Kardashian revealed she was 'cheating'
Braless Winnie Harlow flaunts her svelte physique in an off the shoulder crop top and cargo pants as she attends London's Wireless Festival
Eye-catching Celine Dion dons a structured gold blazer and heavily ripped jeans as she continues to flaunt her bold image overhaul in Paris
Prince Harry is 'madly in love' with Meghan Markle and will propose to her later this year, friends of the young royal reveal
Busty Jemma Lucy flaunts the results of her Brazilian bum lift in high-cut thong swimsuit as she enjoys Spanish getaway
Surely she's the guest of honour! Baywatch legend Pamela Anderson flashes her lean legs in glittering gown for swimwear fashion show in Paris
Britney Spears reveals enviable figure in crop top and teeny shorts...as she raises $1 million for children's cancer facility
'You have it wrong': Furious Jamie Laing jumps to the defence of co-star girlfriend Frankie Gaff... as it's claimed she 'kissed TOWIE's Dan Edgar' 
Hughes wore it better? Nicola proves her MIC bond with Louise Thompson is still strong as they don the SAME floral dress at Wimbledon
Flying solo! Love Island star Dom Lever separates from new love Jessica Shears... as she dishes the dirt on their 'rough' sex life
PICTURED: Ben Affleck and SNL producer Lindsay Shookus look smitten on romantic date... amid claims they had secret affair while they were both married
Bikini-clad Lateysha Grace shakes her derriere in the sun as she performs a VERY energetic dance routine 
Crouching Peter, Hidden Footballer: 6ft 7 footballer Crouch struggles to fit in packed tube carriage... after announcing he's expecting third child with Abbey Clancy
'Are you coming back?': Dumped Love Islander Chloe Crowhurst sends fans into a frenzy as she reveals she's 'back in Majorca to film in a villa'
What a racket! Stacey Solomon puts on a demure display in a striped blue dress as she and boyfriend Joe Swash go to Wimbledon bash
'I don't think we will ever get back together': Love Island's Nathan Massey rules out a reunion with pregnant ex Cara De La Hoyde after she admitted she'd love to rekindle romance
Stephanie Davis and Jeremy McConnell were 'separated by police in ANOTHER blazing row' three days before hotel room brawl
Sinitta reveals Simon Cowell won't pop the question as she admits to STILL fancying the mogul... after slamming him for replacing her
Living the Lush Life! Busty Zara Larsson oozes glamour in skimpy bralet... before sharing a smooch with model beau Brian H Whittaker at Wireless Festival
Kimberly Walsh shows off her tiny waist in powder blue wrap dress with semi-sheer overlay as she heads to fashion party
Love match! Vicky Pattison flashes ample assets in plunging lace dress as she enjoys romantic date day with beau John Noble as they join the stars at Wimbledon
Cindy Crawford stands curbside as she waits for wealthy husband Rande Gerber to park his Bentley
Carrie Fisher's daughter Billie Lourd, 24, set to inherit Star Wars actress' fortune and $18million Beverly Hills estate
Could this video CLEAR Venus Williams in fatal car crash? Video shows she entered junction LEGALLY before being T-boned by driver
Under wraps! Nicole Richie bundles up despite hot weather as she jets into D.C. with rocker husband Joel Madden and their two children
Shrugging it off! Jennifer Garner flashes a smile during gym run just hours after Ben Affleck was spotted on ANOTHER date with Lindsay Shookus
It's too hot for clothes! Jaden Smith takes his shirt off as he battles warm weather with trip to ice cream shop while holding on to his new girlfriend
'I don't feel the need to play it safe': Love Island's new girl Georgia SHAKES up the villa by breaking up official couple Amber and Kem... as Jonny brands Theo a 'b***end' 
Retail run! Angelina Jolie keeps it casual for toy store shopping trip with son Knox, eight, in Los Angeles
Awkward! Kristen Stewart gets stuck sharing flight with her ex Robert Pattinson...as she jets into LA with girlfriend Stella Maxwell
Red alert! Bella Thorne makes sure to stand out in quirky outfit and star embossed boots
LaBusted! Shia LaBeouf is arrested in Georgia for public drunkenness and disorderly conduct
Risky business! Kendall Jenner struggles to see in oversize straw hat as she teeters on seven inch heels during quirky photoshoot in London
Bianca Gascoigne flaunts her ample cleavage and toned legs in a plunging fuchsia gown as she swings by her London strip club
Elizabeth Hurley, 52, shows off her age-defying figure in a tiny two-piece as Ashley Graham flaunts her stunning curves to lead the stars celebrating National Bikini Day 
'He taught me to be a man, a fighter, a survivor': Marilyn Manson announces the death of his father and shares rare childhood photograph with his dad
Olivia Buckland flashes her taut midriff in knotted T-shirt and asymmetric skirt as she joins fiancé Alex Bowen at The British Style Collective show
'He NEVER paid child maintenance!' Stephanie Davis accuses Jeremy McConnell of living with her 'rent free' and 'giving her CHLAMYDIA' 
Jessica Wright shows off her enviably lean legs in thigh-skimming floral minidress as she gets into the party spirit at House Festival
Ain't nothin' but mammals! Chris Hemsworth's children watch on as pigs are caught mating in paddock
Brave Richard Hammond looks in good spirits as he enjoys family night out on crutches a month after his horrific Top Gear crash 
Heavily pregnant Danielle Lloyd showcases blossoming bump in chic monochrome ensemble 
'There's a problem with my glass...it's empty!' Australian crank call DJ Mel Greig flaunts her cleavage as she prepares for a wild weekend 
Ringo Starr celebrates turning 77 by taking to the stage for his annual Peace and Love celebration... as he reveals Sir Paul McCartney will feature on his new album
Watch out boys! Sophie Monk makes final adjustments in a figure-hugging red dress while filming promo for The Bachelorette
Busting out! Skye Wheatley flaunts her artificial assets in a VERY skimpy string bikini 
Sophie Ellis-Bextor flashes toned legs and pert derriere in tasseled playsuit as she rocks Cornbury Music Festival
Party time! Anna Friel puts on a leggy display in denim shorts as she stocks up on bubbly after second series of Marcella is confirmed 
Ellie Goulding puts on a leggy display in thigh-skimming shorts as she enjoys romantic date with athlete beau Caspar Jopling in London
Total focus! Benedict Cumberbatch suits up as Dr. Strange on Avengers: Infinity War set
Quite an eyeful! Bella Thorne risks wardrobe malfunction as she flashes major underboob in tiny crop top
'Meatball power!' Jersey Shore cast reunites to film secret special five years after finale
Legs for days! Kourtney Kardashian shows off her knockout body in Saint-Tropez flashback photo after returning home to LA
White hot! Andie MacDowell, 59, looks youthful in strapless top and baggy linen trousers 
Cheeky! Bikini-clad Olivia Munn flashes pert behind as she celebrates the end of tropical birthday vacation with girlfriends
Top of the crops! Lindsey Vonn sizzles in midriff-baring outfit as she and her beau Kenan Smith head to Craig's
'I was hoisted from my hole': Tallulah Willis celebrates three years of sobriety...as older sister Rumer gives her heartfelt congratulations
Hello petal! Courteney Cox is a summer stunner as she accentuates svelte physique in floral print dress 
'Already a learning experience': Ashton Kutcher responds to critics of his LinkedIn post about 'gender equality in the work place'
Orange crush! Kourtney Kardashian jets into LA in bright track pants after romantic St. Tropez getaway with boytoy Younes Bendjima
Busty Bella Hadid flaunts her curves in a crop top and tracksuit as she leaves Heathrow Airport with double denim-clad Winnie Harlow... after walking in Haute Couture Fashion Week in Paris 
Casual couple! Jaime King and husband Kyle Newman keep things stylishly simple for shopping trip in Beverly Hills
Salt in his wounds! Shirtless Home And Away star James Stewart shows off fit physique in boardshorts at Palm Beach... after THAT bikie brawl
Family day! Heidi Klum rocks boho chic maxi dress as she sweetly holds hands with her little girl Lou
Love Island's Olivia Buckland shows off her legs in a pink miniskirt at fashion event... after confessing she wants children with fiancé Alex Bowen
Ashlee Simpson cradles daughter Jagger at LAX with husband Evan Ross... after Austin vacation
'You're lucky that I have the self-control to not beat your a**!': How UFC star Travis Browne and Ronda Rousey tracked down the burglars who raided their home
BEL MOONEY: My family don't want me to sell up and wed again after I met a man through internet dating 
'I've been a fan for many years': Director Sofia Coppola reveals she had 'Nicole Kidman in her head' when she wrote the part of the cruel headmistress in The Beguiled
PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Newly single Jeremy Meeks emerges from hiding as he reunites with Chloe Green in a hotel pool... days after filing for legal separation from wife Melissa
Mel B 'ordered to pay estranged husband Stephen Belafonte $40,000 per month'... after blowing her multi-million pound fortune during their 10-year marriage
'His bed isn't even cold yet!' Love Island viewers BLAST 'fake and ridiculous' Tyla for locking lips with Mike... just days after tearfully vowing to wait for dumped Islander Jonny
Lauren Goodger brands herself 'a new pin-up girl' as she sizzles in TINY lingerie to tease 2018 calendar... two days after vowing to leave the spotlight in wake of 'Sheeshgate'
Still in the honeymoon period! Loved-up Pippa sweetly holds hands with her new husband after watching Federer win match at Wimbledon (while Carole and the other James make it a family affair)
Lucy Mecklenburgh is flirty in plunging cut-out gown for first public outing with Ryan Thomas at Wimbledon... as she FINALLY posts picture with new beau
Queen B is back! Beyonce slips into tight mini for date night with Jay-Z after proudly sharing first picture of one-month-old twins 
So IS it possible to find love online? Our four sceptics give their verdict after trying Match for a month...  
'She loves that he's a one-woman man and not fame-hungry': Rita Ora 'is quietly dating' Rolling Stone legend Ronnie Wood's son Tyrone... after string of high-profile romances
'She works incredibly hard and the rewards have come in for her': Michelle Keegan 'has made more than £1 MILLION' since quitting Coronation Street three years ago
'I visited prisons for half of my childhood': Big Brother's Simone Reed breaks down as she reflects on her troubled childhood following double eviction with housemate Sue Evans
'I see through her bulls**t!': Love Island evictee Theo Campbell lashes out at 'fake' Tyla Carr... and insists he WAS single when he entered the villa as he hits out at 'bitter' ex's claims
Doctor Who bosses to unveil identity of 13th Doctor after Wimbledon Men's Final...with Kris Marshall and Phoebe Waller-Bridge tipped as favourites to take over from Peter Capaldi
Almost there! Blac Chyna shows off impressive 53lb weight loss and reveals she only has 8lb more to reach her goal after secret surgery and workouts
TV chef (and hunk) Dean Edwards gets his grill on and taste tests M&S's amazing new BBQ range 
Vogue apologise after being criticised for calling cover-stars Gigi Hadid and Zayn Malik gender fluid because they borrow each other's clothes
Steven Beale rocked Lauren Branning's 'weld' and scuppered her attempt to leave him for Josh the creepy 'Photocopier Guy, writes JIM SHELLEY
'Another day at the office': Topless Heidi Klum poses in fishnets while on set of photo shoot
Stony-faced Stella McCartney arrives at Wimbledon with husband Alasdhair... after 'lashing out at Beckhams for sharing a photo of her daughter'
Plastic princess! Kim Kardashian shows off bare chest in see-through dress that also exposes her underwear as she finds another way to make jaws drop
Louise Redknapp 'lives it up with Daisy Lowe hours after family holiday to Mallorca'... as party girl, 28, 'is blamed for helping star, 42, discover her youth and leave husband Jamie'
Boho beauty! Bra-free Paris Jackson rocks nude tank top while leaving the DMV in LA
Busty Demi Rose Mawby leaves VERY little to the imagination as she flaunts her assets and eye-popping derriere in a scanty bikini while sunning
How nearly dying after childbirth inspired my wife to create Call The Midwife: STEPHEN McGANN reveals the illness that nearly cost Heidi Thomas her life
'She's like ROALD DAHL!' Love Island's Sam makes bizarre comparison after Camilla's emotional speech... as moved fans call for the 'national treasure' to be made PRIME MINISTER
Anything you can do! 'Newly-single' Lottie Moss poses seductively on a bed in sizzling sheer lingerie... shared mere HOURS after 'love rat ex' Alex Mytton posts sexy shirtless selfie
No wonder the Queen calls Zara's husband a 'proper man': Rough-and-tumble dad Mike Tindall has cut down (a tad) on his boozing, helped his wife through miscarriage and doesn't care that she earns more than him 
Lily Collins shows off svelte figure in stunning coral Bardot dress as she attends Ischia Film Festival...after dropping 20lbs for her role in controversial new film To The Bone
Doing a victory lap? Winnie Harlow looks in high spirits as she canoodles with rumoured beau Lewis Hamilton in Mykonos
'So excited for you all to see!' Megan McKenna CONFIRMS country music show documenting shot at topping US charts... after failed bids for singing stardom on TOWIE, BGT and X Factor
'I'm literally crying!' Viewers flood Twitter with praise for Phillip Schofield after he offers to pay off struggling single mother's debts on This Morning
'I lost my mind!': Nicole Kidman, 50, poses in VERY racy red swimsuit on cover of LOVE as she reveals she thought the pictures were too 'crazy' to publish
Lovely in lace! Myleene Klass blossoms in semi-sheer midi dress as she enjoys a sunny stroll in London
'They're perfect for each other!' Holly Hagan 'is smitten' with Motherwell FC footballer Jacob Blyth... as cosy snap of the pair fuels dating rumours
Poolside Polly: Amy Childs splashes in the water with her seven-week-old daughter as they enjoy their first holiday together in Ibiza
'I need a tan!' Kylie Jenner shows off her taut figure in crop top after unveiling new sock range with brother Rob Kardashian
Pictured: The balcony where Walking Dead stuntman, 33, fell 25 feet to his death while rehearsing a fight - and the safety mat he missed by a matter of inches
Peek-a-boo! Ashley Graham flashes some serious leg in a mini skirt with thigh-high slit in Canada
Caitlyn Jenner calls Rob Kardashian 'stupid' for posting revenge porn... as she reveals their broken relationship
Middle child syndrome! Jennifer Garner takes her youngest and eldest to lunch at Au Fudge as Seraphina misses out
SPOILER ALERT: 'I want sex and nothing else': Love Island's Olivia flirts up a storm with Mike just days after splitting from Chris... but he wants Tyla
Classic with a twist! Hailey Baldwin reveals a hint of midriff in a white button up with blue jeans...adding a red Louis Vuitton X Supreme handbag
Turning up the Heat(on)! Michelle shows off her gym-honed figure in skimpy swimsuit with racy sheer back as she enjoys Ibiza family holiday 
'I enjoyed not being very experienced': Harry Styles reveals his 'nerves' over first acting role in Dunkirk helped add tension to character
How bow dah? Kim Kardashian poses with 'Cash Me Outside' girl Danielle Bregoli... after teen talked trash about KUWTK family
Bottoms up! Bikini-clad Jennifer Lopez, 47, flashes her bare butt in throwback photo from Miami as she promotes her new album
'Stay strong': Khloe Kardashian's ex Lamar Odom doles out advice to Rob adding 'put God first' after recluse's bitter tirade against Blac Chyna
A perfect game set and match! Damian Lewis can't keep his hands off his wife Helen McCrory as she leans in for a kiss during Wimbledon semi-finals
'She shot both pictures at the same time and then placed the babies in!' Holly Willoughby shares bizarre theory about Beyonce's big twin reveal photo 
'The memories I will treasure forever': Bikini clad Jacqueline Jossa showcases toned abs and pert bust in throwback snap of Ibiza hen do
'Sun-kissed': Alessandra Ambrosio flaunts her flat midriff and long legs in flirty white bikini during Ibiza holiday
Take that, haters! Ariel Winter wears Daisy Dukes again after hitting back at critics of her summer wardrobe 
'I'm not a whore because I wear shorts': Ariel Winter hits back at commenters criticizing her Daisy Dukes and crop top in Twitter 'rant'
Back to Blac: Chyna looks completely unrecognisable in throwback pre-surgery photo taken in a hairdressing salon before she was famous
Bikini-clad Adriana Lima flaunts her model figure in a revealing black two-piece as she takes to the water with her new beau Metin Hara in Turkey 
'I had nothing when I started': Star Wars creator George Lucas shuts down autograph seekers as he suggests they try honest work
SPOILER ALERT: Michelle Connor attacks drug dealer Rich as a mass brawl erupts on the Coronation Street cobbles following Chesney's stabbing
What can I do to get my husband to forgive my cheating and will he always look at the past? 
Braless Jess Shears sizzles in T-shirt as she puts on an united front with Dom Lever... after Love Island fans claim Mike 'basically admitted' they slept together
'Did Holly just drop the F bomb on daytime TV?': Viewers in shock as they accuse Willoughby of making a VERY rude statement... before she goes on summer break
'Words cannot express our horniness for the GOT premiere': Kristen Bell and husband Dax Shepard recreate Game Of Thrones opening in bizarre video
'Sir Carter and Rumi 1 month today': Beyonce FINALLY unveils her twins and confirms their names... as she poses in garden of her $400,000 a month Malibu rental
'I survived drama school for this?' Sigourney Weaver almost refused iconic role in Alien because she didn't like science fiction
SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Members at club where Pippa and Kate play tennis are in revolt at £22m makeover 
SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Can't you buy Dave some new clothes, Sam? Former PM wears same shirt, jeans and black shoes to two events in a month 
'I was still plagued by anxiety': Emilia Clarke suffered crippling self doubt during first seasons of Game Of Thrones... after defending THOSE sex scenes
Chic Georgia Toffolo dazzles in a floral patterned satin dress as she enjoys a day at the races following filming for Made In Chelsea in Ibiza
It's Dior darling! Victoria Silvstedt shows off her endless legs in soaring split sarong and skimpy leotard as she hits the shops in St Tropez
Pictured: The moment Cristiano Ronaldo's superyacht is boarded by armed customs officers as the footballer sunbathed on the deck with his girlfriend
Kimberley Garner flashes a hint of cleavage in key-hole playsuit as she enjoys a shopping spree on sun-kissed St. Tropez getaway
Jennifer Lawrence 'not pretty enough' to play Sharon Tate in Tarantino movie about Manson Family murders, slain actress's sister says
Kelsey Grammer, 62, discusses battling his demons, his fourth marriage to wife Kayte Walsh, 35, and the role that's always eluded him
'He is the worst liar!': Love Island fans claim Mike 'basically admitted' he DID sleep with Jess Shears... as he insists they would be together if it wasn't for Dom Lever
Kimberley Garner flaunts her peachy posterior in a purple thong bikini as she tops up her tan in St Tropez
Singin' in the rain! Hailee Steinfeld wears crop top as she powers through bad weather for morning show performance
'You fell in love with me when you were TWO years old': Court docs reveal full catalogue of Kendall Jenner's emotional abuse at the hands of stalker
The smile that says I did it! Reese Witherspoon beams as she's seen for first time since being Emmy nominated for Big Little Lies
Good jeans! Makeup free Heidi Klum flashes her flat midriff in low rise denim with cropped hoodie in NYC
Just paw-fect! Amy Schumer finds new love with a fluffy black puppy as she carries the cutie through New York's Central Park
Taking the lunge! Iskra Lawrence sizzles in low-cut bralet and figure-hugging leggings as she films workout video in NYC
Tummy pride! Body confidence advocate Demi Lovato shows off her fit midsection as she plugs new song Sorry Not Sorry
'I trusted him, I loved him, and he filmed us having sex': Mischa Barton's first interview since ex threatened her with revenge porn
Camera-shy Brooklyn Beckham, 18, cuts a tired figure a during night of partying at the Chateau Marmont
Steal Letizia's style! How to bag the Spanish Queen's achingly chic £9,000 UK wardrobe for a fraction of the price (including THAT red dress)
Tree-mendous work! Green-fingered Kelly Brook wears a TINY animal print bikini as she waters her plants in a funny throwback video
Beyoncé's gender-bender baby reveal dress is from a MEN's clothing line - and she had it custom-ordered before she was even pregnant
Jennifer Lopez 'hired private detective to follow around beau Alex Rodriguez...after report of baseball star's former alleged mistress'
TOWIE's Carol Wright, 56, flaunts her incredible bikini body on the beach in Mallorca... as son Mark is embroiled in bitter feud with ex Lauren Goodger
Amazon handed Jeremy Clarkson, James May and Richard Hammond £35.8million to make the Grand Tour, accounts reveal
Party girl pal Daisy Lowe, 28, 'blamed for helping Louise Redknapp, 42, "rediscover youth"'... as 19-year marriage is rocked by Strictly curse
Busty Daisy Lowe wears a huge smile as she steps out amid claims she helped Louise Redknapp get her 'mojo' back in split from husband Jamie
'Clearly loving life!': Pregnant Ferne McCann dances playfully in a skimpy white bikini and coral sarong during sun-soaked holiday
'Always loved, never forgotten, forever missed': Kate Wright pays tribute to boyfriend Rio Ferdinand 'devoted' mother following her death from cancer
Trespasser arrested at Drake's $8m Hidden Hills mansion after HIKING up steep hill to meet the rapper... but the star was not at home
Look away, Orlando! Giggly Katy Perry cosies up to a handsome mystery man as they dance and flirt up a storm in club during her exotic Italian holiday
EXCLUSIVE: Sofia Vergara says she has PROOF her ex fiancé's shouldn't have custody of their embryos or be allowed to have a surrogate to carry them
Makeup free Selma Blair looks stylish in her riding apparel for shopping outing with her son Arthur, five
Hey, what about me? Gigi's ex Cody Simpson shows off his buff body during jog in California... after Hadid posed with Zayn Malik for Vogue
'Christopher Nolan is scarier than Simon!' Harry Styles compares film career to X Factor as he reveals his nerves at making high-profile acting debut in Dunkirk 
Make-up free Ashley Tisdale looks pretty in pink after working up a sweat at gym
Egging her on! Fearne Cotton whisks up scrutiny from viewers when she appears to under-cook a blueberry omelette during a culinary segment
'I live with tragedy every day': Kelsey Grammer, 62, discusses his battle with substance abuse after losing FOUR family members in horrific circumstances
Acid attack victim Katie Piper describes the 'life sentence' she is serving after undergoing 250 operations to repair her face in heartfelt plea for tougher sentencing 
Timeless beauty Rachel Weisz, 47, looks flawless in floral maxi dress as husband Daniel Craig joins her for opening night of Hamlet in New York
Alan Thicke's widow Tanya Callau 'demands judge throw out legal papers submitted by son-in-law Robin which block her from challenging prenup'
Game, set and (the perfect) match! Ethereal Katherine Jenkins puts on a loved-up display with husband Andrew Levitas... as they arrive at Wimbledon
Easy cowgirl! Bella Thorne flaunts flame red locks and toned midriff as she dons stetson and cowboy boots for album launch in Los Angeles
EXCLUSIVE 'He had an extensive porno collection': First look at new Kanye doc tracing the rapper's early years in Chicago and bitter feud with Jay-Z
She's a long way from the Dales: Ex Emmerdale star Roxanne Pallett shows off her incredible abs in lilac bikini poolside in Mykonos 
Alexander Skarsgard and Alexa Chung have split after two years together... as he 'meets Leo DiCaprio's ex Toni Garrn for an unsuccessful blind date'
Jane Bond! Blake Lively signs on for 'female-driven' spy thriller The Rhythm Section with Skyfall producer Barbara Broccoli
Pregnant Danielle Bux steps out with her ex-husband Gary Lineker as she showcases her HUGE baby bump in a flattering patterned dress
'It was depressing': Shania Twain reveals secret battle with Lyme disease that almost cost singing career... after ex-husband's betrayal with her best friend
'I'll probably never have my pre-baby body again - and that's OK': Rebekah Vardy bravely shows how pregnancy and birth has changed her figure
Helen Flanagan puts her pins on parade in a checked miniskirt as she indulges in some retail therapy in Manchester
Sienna Miller stuns in whimsical black frock draped with gold chains as she hits the town in London amid Brad Pitt romance rumours
'Can't wait to meet my angel': Pregnant Missé Beqiri showcases her blossoming bump as she shares loved-up snaps on babymoon with Jake Hall
Adiós for now! Her Majesty waves off Spain's Queen Letizia and King Felipe VI as they depart Buckingham Palace on the last day of their first UK state visit
Kourtney Kardashian looks summery in white crop top as she slurps ice-cream with her kids ... after Kim is slammed for dressing daughter in a 'corset dress'
So that's where she gets it from! Bikini-clad Kris Jenner, 61, shows off a peachy derriere to rival daughter Kim Kardashian's as she boards a boat in Nice
'Wearing your GF's T-shirt does not make you gender fluid': Vogue blasted on Twitter after cover story on Zayn Malik and Gigi Hadid swapping clothes
The look of (new) love! Braless Nina Dobrev wows in houndstooth print suit as she steps out for dinner with Jessica Szohr in West Hollywood
'She's the ideal person to dress!' Nicole Kidman's costume designer on The Beguiled praises the actress' 'incredible body'
Melanie Sykes shows her support for the addition of same sex couples to Blind Date... as she credits the 'iconic' series and its new host Paul O'Grady
'We all have good and bad angles': Bralet-clad Ashley James shows off her incredible figure in a series of poses as she promotes body confidence
Legs for days! Katie Holmes pairs skinny jeans with a hat and a colorful knit for her flight out of Montreal
All loved up! Gavin Rossdale, 51, holds hands with new girlfriend Sophie Thomalla, 27, while on a stroll in LA
'We were basically male strippers in Blazin' Squad!' Annoyed Marcel sulks after Gabby's heart rate soars for Theo during Love Island challenge
Love Island's Chris Hughes is lauded by mental health charity for showing emotions... as fans call Olivia 'callous' for blaming unpopularity on his tears
Kate's 'kob' steals the show: Duchess shows off glossy hairstyle at the Natural History Museum as Sir David Attenborough unveils blue whale skeleton 
Butterflies for the birthday girl! Princess Victoria of Sweden dons a pink frock with fluttering details as she marks her 40th with a thanksgiving service
EXCLUSIVE: 'It's not as I planned': Pregnant Cara de la Hoyde REFUSES to rule out reuniting with ex Nathan despite him saying they won't get back together
Catherine Tyldesley unveils dramatic new brunette locks as she steps out with the rest of the Corrie cast for swish hotel launch in Manchester
Rita Ora flaunts her cleavage in a skintight top as she rocks silky silver pyjama-style co-ords for dinner in LA... after admitting she is 'always looking for love'
'Early menopause at 35 has hardly been fun': Michelle Heaton opens up about battling depression after cancer-preventing surgery
Hungry work! Beyonce makes first public appearance since giving birth to twins on dinner date with husband Jay Z
Star in stripes! Karolina Kurkova goes bra free underneath a plunging suit jacket at Hamptons Magazine party
Serena Williams dances in form-fitting maternity dress with baby bump to 2006 hip hop song Poppin' My Collar
Busty Daisy Lowe is every inch the sex kitten as she slips into lingerie-style mini while posing in a BED and BATH at quirky party
'This is lingerie!' Stunned Rebekah Vardy weighs in on four-year-old North West's shock 'corset' dress... as she SLAMS Kim Kardashian for making 'adult' choice
Tom Hardy is overshadowed by glamorous wife Charlotte Riley in plunging top as they attend Dunkirk premiere
Harry's Hollywood moment! Singer Styles joins movie giants Tom Hardy and Cillian Murphy for London premiere of Christopher Nolan's Dunkirk
Lily James set 'to play younger version of Meryl Streep's character Donna' in upcoming Mamma Mia! sequel
Harry Styles skips Dunkirk bash to party with pals... after teasing acting retirement as he jokes about 'peaking too soon' with first major film role
Under my umbrella! Ansel Elgort shares a smooch with girlfriend Violetta Komyshan on rainy hotel rooftop in New Zealand
Daring to bare! Olivia Munn shows off legs and cleavage in silky shorts and plunging halter top as she heads to dinner in LA
Proud father Jeremy Clarkson is joined by ex-wife Frances Cain as daughter Emily launches candid first book... after revealing her weight battle
'The most ever!' Lady Gaga celebrates record six Emmy nominations for her Super Bowl halftime show
'Glow!': Sun-kissed Bella Hadid emerges from a pool in sexy Instagram snap shared from her Greek vacation
'It makes incredibly compelling TV': ITV set for a '£1BILLION paycheck by selling the very raunchy format of their summer smash-hit series Love Island'
Ear chandeliers! Sofia Vergara rocks massive earrings and black strapless maxi dress for dinner in West Hollywood
No wonder she's got admirers! Love Island's Tyla Carr sets pulses racing in pink thong bikini... while Mike and Sam make a play for her affections
'I might feed her a bit of s***!' Love Island's Mike plots 'sweet revenge' on Olivia as he sets his sights on Tyla and Georgia... and denies a romp with Jess AGAIN
'I love and adore you and won't be pitted against you': Sharon Stone forgives Madonna after the pop star called her 'horribly mediocre' in scathing letter
Madonna blasts Whitney Houston and Sharon Stone as 'horribly mediocre' in self-pitying 90s letter and compares herself to black musicians
Berry Berry nice! Halle shows off her legs in black cape-like mini dress and strappy sandals at LA event
Khloe Kardashian and beau Tristan Thompson enjoy a workout and lunch after night partying at home with disgraced brother Rob
Feeling nippy? Lily-Rose Depp leaves little to the imagination in a pink tank top at LAX airport
Disneyland Paris! Chris Zylka gets HUGE tattoo of girlfriend Hilton's name in Walt's famous font
Golden girls! Gabby Douglas stuns in shiny two-piece as Simone Biles and Aly Raisman team up at Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Sports Awards
Showing Ben what he's missing? Fresh-faced Jennifer Garner shows off lithe legs in  clinging black leggings while leaving LA gym
Come on, Vogue: Anna Wintour is caught on video twerking to 'Teenage Dream' during Katy Perry performance at the 2017 Met Ball
Top of the crops! Bella Thorne flashes her midriff in tiny tank top ahead of photoshoot
Michael Phelps is joined by gorgeous wife Nicole Johnson at Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Sports Awards... before getting splattered with gold slime
Pretty in pink! Skier Lindsey Vonn flashes lacy bra in sheer tank top as she leads the stars at Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Sports Awards
DMX 'facing up to 44 years in prison after being charged with tax evasion for concealing income from the IRS'
PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Not so much fun without naked Orlando? Bikini-clad Katy Perry recreates THAT nude paddleboarding alone
'I could not be happier': Terminator star Thomas Dekker comes out as gay and reveals that he is married
How Phil Collins' divorce drove daughter to anorexia... and why, years later, she's made herself lose 20lbs for movie about eating disorders
Not so fast! Spider-Man co-stars Zendaya and Tom Holland laugh off dating rumors on Twitter
'My husband thinks I'm hot!' Pregnant Kimberley Wyatt shows off her bare baby bump in stunning bikini shot... as she counts down weeks till due date
PixieLott dresses down in T-shirt for food festival... hours after her glittering silver jumpsuit threatened to upstage the talent at The Voice Kids finale
A Daisy Duke kind of day! Blac Chyna wears ripped shorts in Beverly Hills as it's claimed she's getting $10K for hosting strip club after Rob scandal
'Love you more': Lea Michele shares touching tribute to Cory Monteith on four year anniversary of his death
Justin time! Timberlake rushes over to help a woman struck down by a rogue ball during a celebrity golf tournament
'I want him': Kate Upton and Alexandra Daddario engage in swimsuit competition in trailer for The Layover
'We're dis-inviting you': Caitlyn Jenner dons red skirt while leaving The View... after revealing she was snubbed by an LGBT camp for kids
Golden girl: Jada Pinkett Smith steps out in a long metallic gown for the LA premiere of Girls Trip
Wonder Woman too! Lynda Carter 'absolutely' wants to star opposite Gal Gadot in DC superheroine sequel... after missing out on the first one
Fabulous in floral! Miranda Kerr cuts a demure figure at Sephora event as she celebrates her Kora Organics brand being sold by the chain
White hot! Victoria's Secret model Georgia Fowler flaunts her holiday tan in sizzling white swimsuit 
For-Eva hot! Longoria displays her bronzed and shapely curves in a striped thong swimsuit as she enjoys a beach day in Marbella
Braless Jess Shears risks baring all as she joins beau Dom Lever... as Mike Thalassitis is probed over romp rumours during Love Island return
Planning for the wedding? Miley Cyrus enjoys a cozy lunch with her mom and sister Brandi at celebrity hotspot
Gooey for her! Marvin Humes puts on besotted display with red-hot wife Rochelle as she turns heads in a strapless jumpsuit at dessert food fest
PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: If you've got it! Kim Kardashian puts her gym-honed figure on display in crop top and sporty sweatpants
Now THAT'S how you curtsy! Princess Anne provides a warm welcome as she hosts guests of honour Queen Letizia and King Felipe at a banquet in London
Wrinkles be gone! Dennis Quaid, 63, wears moisturizing facemask while enjoying pamper session with girlfriend half his age
Queen B on top! Beyonce named biggest money maker of 2016 thanks to massive touring revenue and album sales
New hair don't care! Riley Keough shows off new brunette locks after ditching fiery red tresses as she strolls through LAX with hubby
Blac Chyna documents grueling workout on Snapchat after ex Rob Kardashian revealed her secret weight-loss surgery
Paris Jackson, 19, looks tired as she hits the gym while still wearing a 21+ bracelet after a night out at the Roxy in Hollywood 
Keeping it casual: Lily James arrives in Melbourne make-up free and in overalls while Baby Driver co-star Ansel Elgort is escorted by girlfriend
After Eddie the Eagle, Taron's the Rocketman: How Kingsman star is in talks to play Sir Elton John in a new film
F-ab-ulous! Olivia Munn gives a sneak peek of her six pack in Canada after a table read for her new role
She's got the X Factor! Dermot O'Leary puts on a proud display as wife Dee Koppang steals the show in Gothic inspired semi-sheer gown at the Dunkirk World Premiere
'I hope he's doing well!' Lindsay Vonn reveals she has reached out to ex Tiger Woods after troubled golfer's DUI arrest
Millie Mackintosh shows off her endless legs in a thigh-skimming leather mini skirt as she enjoys rooftop party
Winnie Harlow pairs a leotard with see-through graffiti trousers at Jaguar launch... as she returns to the red carpet after 'fat-shaming' incident
Sophie Turner dresses down in bright designer hoodie and co-ordinating backpack at LA airport... one day after glamorous turn at Game Of Thrones Season 7 premiere
Isn't this the children's final? Braless Pixie Lott upstages the contestants in VERY racy sheer catsuit as she leads the judges at The Voice Kids final
The Greatest Apes: Dazzlingly real, these noble beasts' righteous war shows just how brutal and inhuman man can be 
Rio Ferdinand and brother Anton heartbroken after death of their 'devoted' mother from cancer at 58
Louise Redknapp looks glum as she leaves Mallorca following 'split' from husband Jamie... (but she continues to wear her wedding ring)
'It's not about gender': Gigi Hadid poses with boyfriend Zayn Malik for Vogue as they talk stealing clothes from each other's closets
'Dreamy girl!': Taylor Swift returns to Instagram after two-month break to praise Selena Gomez's new sultry song Fetish
Phillip Schofield is aghast as Love Island's Tyne-Lexy exposes her boob during swimsuit segment... as show's Iain Stirling shocks with inappropriate comment
'I was terrified it ruined my chances of having kids': Lily Collins is seen grabbing coffee  as she reveals how her period stopped for TWO YEARS as a result of anorexia
Pregnant Missé Beqiri displays her blossoming bump in a low-cut swimsuit as she packs on the PDA with Jake Hall on romantic babymoon
Rhian Sugden looks ace as she squeezes curves into a tiny crop top and puts washboard abs on display during impromptu game of tennis
Traffic stopping curves! Iskra Lawrence looks naturally gorgeous in Bardot top and tight jeans during video shoot in NYC
SPOILER ALERT: 'In the weeks since you left, it's been hard': Love Island's Olivia hints MIKE was the reason behind her split from Chris
'Absolutely disgusting from two grown men!': Furious Kerry Katona SLAMS 'vile' neighbours who brand her a 'low-life' and claim 22 police cars crowded their street 
When Harry met Harry! The prince meets singer along with a host of WW2 veterans and Hollywood stars for the world premiere of the film 'Dunkirk' in London 
EXCLUSIVE: Mark Wright's secret TV debut unveiled... former TOWIE star first graced our screens aged just 12 in a VERY controversial scene
That's hot! Pop singer FEMME attends world premiere of the Jaguar E-PACE as it leaps into the Record books with barrel roll stunt
Throwing themselves into character! Katie Holmes beams as she wraps up in scarf and sweater while filming The Gift opposite Patrick Stewart
'Nothing to wear!' Victoria's Secret Angel Elsa Hosk strips off for completely NAKED racy selfie... as she uses a towel to cover her modesty
PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Love Island's Jess sizzles in selection of skimpy leotards as she and shirtless beau Dom Lever get hot and heavy in steamy fashion shoot
'Corker in Mallorca': Vicky Pattison displays her eye-popping cleavage in a pink boob tube and matching choker as she suns herself in Spain
Is Jordan back? Katie Price performs strip tease and gets TOTALLY NAKED in her dressing room at ITV ahead of Loose Women appearance
Breezy does it! Kirsten Dunst seems oblivious as the wind blows up her dress to reveal her underwear
PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Ellen Page kisses dancer Emma Portner after Emmy nomination for her Gaycation series
'I felt sexualized': Miley Cyrus admits her raunchy phase backfired as she adds 'now everyone has their boobs and ass out'
'To say it took a lot of balls is an under estimation': The boys of Love Island set to get viewers' pulses racing as they perform steamy strip tease
SPOILER ALERT: BB'S Sam Chaloner incurs wrath of housemates as Isabelle Warburton selflessly saves him and puts herself forward for public vote
Kourtney Kardashian shares holiday album featuring her three kids while on vacation in Nantucket with ex Scott Disick
Sizzling Joan Smalls drives her Instagram followers wild as she flaunts her envy-inducing figure in skimpy bikinis during Maldives getaway
Oh mama! Angelina Jolie goes bra-free in skimpy tank top as her daughter Shiloh shows off a skater buzz cut during trip to toy store
Fitness fanatic Davina McCall, 49, flaunts her washboard abs in a navy bikini as she continues gruelling workout regime on holiday
'I'm seeing cracks in friendships': Love Island's Gabby cuts ties with 'game player' Montana... after she boldly claims her and Marcel will be voted off
Fan approved! Kylie Jenner's Instagram followers go wild when she poses in alluring white dress as she gets ONE MILLION likes in an hour
Bra-clad Chloe Sims CONFIRMS romance with Abz Love with smouldering bed selfie... after his ex-girlfriend warns her of 'cheating' star
Love Island's Jamie Jewitt sends social media into meltdown as his entire manhood is shown in leaked snap from raunchy stripping challenge
Love Island's Tyla Carr looks almost unrecognisable in sweet throwback snap of her visiting the EastEnders set with her family
Pregnant Jessica Alba flashes her growing baby bump in cheetah print bikini as she enjoys sun-soaked Hawaiian holiday
And then a hero comes along! Mariah Carey delights fans with an energetic display in Las Vegas residency... hours after fans savage her 'shambolic' moves
'Dude Looks Like A Lady!' Caitlyn Jenner angers some in transgender community after revealing her love for Aerosmith song
Moving in together? Khloe Kardashian wears figure-hugging ensemble as she goes house-hunting in Bel-Air with NBA beau Tristan Thompson
Perfect pair! Jennifer Aniston wears revealing slinky white tank and ripped jeans while out with dressed-to-match hubby Justin Theroux
'I was a drug dealer': Jada Pinkett Smith reveals her dark past while recalling her friendship with the late rapper Tupac 
Atomic Blonde! Charlize Theron stuns in plunging black mini dress as she joins James McAvoy in NYC for special screening of new movie
'You're the biggest wind-up!' Stephen Bear leaves fans unconvinced after claiming he's SPLIT from Charlotte Crosby during lads' holiday
Joanna Krupa mends her broken heart  in Greece after admitting she 'blindsided' when Romain Zago asked for a divorce because he wants kids 
Love Island's Dom Lever mercilessly mocked by fans for bizarrely claiming he's travelling alone... with another commuter in clear sight
'I didn't expect to come out with someone I like': Sam and Georgia tease at future romance as they become the next couple to be dumped from Love Island
'We would have lost the plot if we hadn't had Louis!' Niall Horan gushes about Tomlinson after he admitted he had crippling insecurity as he struggled to find his place in One Direction
Elizabeth Hurley, 52, flaunts her peachy posterior as she dons just a skimpy thong to pose topless in another sultry snap
'The BBC are big fans of his': Kris Marshall 'is tipped to play Doctor Who's assistant'... after narrowly missing out on role of Time Lord to Jodie Whittaker
Bikini-clad Lupita Nyong'o shows off her incredible figure as she floats on raft in Chunyaxche Lagoon during lavish Mexican vacation
'I shut off and don't post to social media': Model Karlie Kloss reveals her coping mechanisms when physically and mentally spent as she graces the cover of InStyle Australia
'It was a very lavish, romantic and star-studded affair': Stevie Wonder, 67, 'marries third wife Tomeeka Bracy, 42, in romantic ceremony'
'We're excited': Vicky Pattison's grandparents reveal she is set to wed on their 65th wedding anniversary next year... following engagement to John Noble
'I want sugar and lots of it': Robbie Williams discusses living with rare disorder that sees him eat in his SLEEP without him realising 
Boho babe Paris Jackson flashes her toned midriff in cropped logo tee and thigh-skimming floral shorts as she treats herself to an iced coffee in NYC
Ab-solutely ripped! Nina Dobrev shows off toned tum in black cropped top while carrying her pup for flight out of LAX
The look of love! Zoe Saldana giggles as she shares intimate moment with husband Marco Perego as they enjoy shopping spree
Smiling to the end! Jennifer Garner puts on a cheerful display in LA as ex Ben Affleck is spotted cavorting with new girlfriend Lindsay Shookus in NYC
Hugh Jackman cuts a smart figure in a tailored ensemble as he arrives at Melbourne Airport with wife Deborra-Lee Furness and their children Oscar and Ava 
Elisabeth Moss reveals she 'doesn't really give a s***' about anyone who doesn't believe in women's rights
Suki Waterhouse, 25, and rumoured boyfriend Diego Luna, 37, can't contain their giggles as they enjoy very cosy stroll around NYC
'My ride or die': Behati Prinsloo pays bizarre tribute to Adam Levine as she toasts 'three years strong' marriage
That'll get them talking! Kim Kardashian leaves little to the imagination in sheer tank top as she steps out in curve-hugging trousers
Naomie Harris claims 'grounding' your energy and going barefoot after a long flight can CURE jet lag... but doctors blast the idea as 'daft'
Bondage babe! Nicki Minaj dances in pink PVC lingerie and harness to promote new single Rack It Up
Duchess of Cambridge stuns in an off-the-shoulder scarlet gown as she joins William at a Berlin garden party to celebrate the Queen's birthday
No apologies! Demi Lovato flaunts curves in plunging bodysuit for Sorry Not Sorry video featuring Paris Hilton and Jamie Foxx
'Every penny counts': Mayim Bialik reveals she still cashes her TWO CENT royalty checks from her one episode of Doogie Howser
'It's a problem when your children are 20 and you've still got your baby weight': Emma Forbes, 52, admits she didn't recognise herself in bikini pap shots
Kim Kardashian is the youngest person on Forbes top-earning TV celebrities of 2017 list as the reality star takes in almost $50m to land at number 8
Gotta get him out my hair! 'Newly-single' Lottie Moss debuts candyfloss tresses... for night out with pals amid 'split' from 'cheating' Alex Mytton
Madame Tussauds accused of 'whitewashing' Beyonce's wax figure... as fans compare it to Mariah Carey, Taylor Swift, and Lindsay Lohan
Honeymoon is over! Jessica Chastain rocks pajama suit as she returns to LA with new husband Gian Luca Passi de Preposulo after wedding
The mane attraction! Sia ditches trademark wig again and proudly shows her face as she works on new project with Kate Hudson
White hot! Martha Hunt sizzles as she flaunts her fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on the beach as she poses for Victoria's Secret photo shoot
Love Island's Chloe Crowhurst FINALLY reveals how Camilla Thurlow maintains her long, fluttering eyelashes in the house
Stop cooking, Nigella and Gordon! You'll never beat this Tudor treat: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV 
Freud and friends cause outrage by horsing around on Shetland ponies that are only suitable for children 
'He told me to get a life': Mike Thalassitis' ex Robyn Delabarre brands star a womaniser... after he offered her the same romantic trip to Paris as Tyla Carr on Love Island
CBS unveils three new cast members for Hawaii Five-0 after losing Daniel Dae Kim and Grace Park over failed wage negotiations
SPOILER ALERT: 'He's got his father's eyes': Chris comes over all broody during Love Island baby care challenge... but Olivia isn't feeling maternal
She's a real beach babe! Jessica Alba shows off hint of bump during Hawaiian holiday with family...right as she announces pregnancy
Me time! Megan Fox keeps it casual as she picks up beauty supplies while enjoying retail therapy trip without her three kids
Game Of Thrones fans brace for showdown between Jon Snow and Littlefinger over Sansa as HBO releases sneak peek of episode two 
Pregnant Whitney Port goes make-up free and looks ready to pop in sleeveless top and leggings after installing new nursery
Kit Harington snaps up impressive £1.75million home in the English countryside with Game Of Thrones co-star and long-term love Rose Leslie
Long night? Make-up free Bella Thorne, 19, looks exhausted after keeping up with wild Scott Disick, 34,  for second night in a row
'It was really scary': Chloe Ferry reveals on/off beau Sam Scott nearly DIED during steamy EOTB romp after he suffered an asthma attack
Olivia Wilde says she is HONOURED after Jennifer Lawrence 'vomits' during her Broadway production  of George Orwell's 1984
Braless Kimberley Garner shows off her endless legs and perky assets while playing third wheel... as Kelly Brook gets steamy with Jeremy Parisi in France
BBC's male stars defend their salaries as 'LOW compared to what they could be getting' - but female colleagues complain they're not earning over £150,000 
He's writing a $10m tell-all! Lamar Odom admits he's working on book as it's claimed he will spill on Kim Kardashian's 'secret splits' from Kanye
Kylie Jenner takes a walk on the wild side in leopard print bra and tiny metallic mini skirt
It takes two to tan(go)! Lucy Mecklenburgh puts on a leggy display in tiny denim shorts as she arrives for a girly getaway in Ibiza with unlikely pal Pixie Lott
'Why the hell would I worry?': Ed Sheeran hits out at trolls as he insists fan backlash to Game Of Thrones cameo didn't make him quit Twitter
He scrubs up well! Prince Harry looks dapper as he meets Falklands veterans at black tie charity dinner in London
Tyga's ex Demi Rose squeezes her curves into a khaki thong bikini as she cuddles up to DJ Tom Zanetti during a sun-soaked yacht day in Formentera
Love with a cherry on top! Smitten Amber Rose flaunts hourglass curves in midriff baring outfit on trip with younger beau 21 Savage 
How can Chris Evans be on more than me? Gary Lineker's jokey response at only being the BBC's second highest paid star 
Love Island's Jess Shears stuns in a thigh-skimming silk minidress as she puckers up to smitten boyfriend Dom Lever in Ibiza
SPOILER ALERT: Big Brother's Chanelle and Isabelle passionately kiss while Kieran sucks on Andrew's toes during steamy spin the bottle... after prize money battle
'There's too much animosity': Aaron Carter cries as he talks damaged relationship with brother Nick after saying he's 'broken' from DUI arrest
She's NOT shy! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts tiny waist in tight black frock at hair salon in Chicago
'The lie detector test is about as real as my new teeth': Former Love Island stars jump to the defence of this year's hopefuls as they claim the challenge is FAKE
'TBT to when I dressed as a Minion': Caroline Flack pokes fun at her fashion sense during Love Island's first series... ahead of this year's final 
Pregnant Katie Piper shows off her bump in a stylish floral pyjama ensemble as she runs errands in Essex
Pregnant Princess Sofia of Sweden is unrecognisable in a t-shirt and cap at a charity football day (until she places a protective hand on her bump)
Bella Thorne, 19, wears bikini top on dinner date with Scott Disick, 34, as they spend second night in a row together in New York City
Celine Dion continues her chic streak in Paris as she steps out of her hotel in a head-turning silver sequinned jumpsuit
Sheer delight! Charlize Theron flashes her lacy bra in flimsy sheer tank top as she promotes Atomic Blonde in Hollywood
'I'm just moving on': Gogglebox favourite Sandra Martin confirms she has quit the Channel 4 show... after the departure of her co-star Sandi Bogle
Celebrity trainer secrets: Personal trainer to Game Of Thrones star Emilia Clarke reveals how to do her 'clean and lean' workout 
'Ich heisse Catherine': Kate practices her German with the locals - after apologising to Chancellor Angela Merkel for not speaking the language
'I haven't been back to Hoboken shop since she died': Grieving Cake Boss Buddy Valastro reflects on losing his mother to ALS
Farewell scene? Idris Elba and Kate Winslet warmly embrace as they film new movie The Mountain Between Us on London street... after tense shoot in Canada
Doting dad Peter Andre revels in quality time with children Princess, 10, and Junior, 12, as they enjoy family lunch during sun-soaked Cyprus break
'I'm glad to be relieved of him': Blac Chyna says Rob Kardashian 'stressed' her out, gives her NO money and has yet to return her $100K Range Rover
'I cried, I couldn't eat, I probably lost about 7 pounds': Joanna Krupa says she was blindsided when Romain Zago asked for a divorce
Amal Clooney wears floaty yellow dress as she holds hands with husband George on date night in Lake Como as they enjoy first holiday since twins were born
Heaven sent! Romee Strijd looks white hot as she rings in her 22nd birthday with fellow VS Angels Martha Hunt and Sara Sampaio
SPOILER ALERT 'I hate confrontation': Gabby sobs while Montana questions her over THAT text... as tensions reach boiling point with Love Island girls
Playboy bunny Bryana Holly sends temperatures soaring in saucy keyhole bra and barely-there caged thong bottoms for lingerie campaign
'I probably won't survive': Abby Lee Miller, 50, expressed anxiety about 366-day prison term during The View sit-down taped before she checked in
EXCLUSIVE: Back to court! Larsa Pippen is fighting charges of speeding, no proof of insurance and overly tinted windows on her Land Rover 
Little(r) and large(r): Pregnant Ferne McCann shows off her baby bump as she steps out in Essex with newly-slim James Argent
Where's Vanessa? Nick Viall enjoys one-on-one lunch with Bachelor in Paradise castmate Ashley Iaconetti
Talking to your BFF? Happy Daisy Lowe looks deep in conversation as she steps out in chic pencil skirt after being blamed for Jamie and Louise Redknapp 'split' 
'Mum already has one': Ben Affleck recalls moment unimpressed daughter Violet, 11, poked fun when he said he was due to receive humanitarian award
'She's a lazy brat!' Ex-boyfriend of Love Island's Olivia Attwood reveals she left him needing THERAPY... as he claims she 'controlled his life' 
Celebrity Bin Brother! Imogen Thomas appears worlds away from her usual red carpet look as she takes the rubbish out with her hair in curlers
Clocking up some air miles: Louise Thompson shows off her toned abs in very tiny red string bikini as she heads to her TENTH holiday destination of the year
Grey's Anatomy star Kate Walsh puts her LA mansion- complete with own Pilates studio- on the market for $4.25 million... after letting it out for $15,000 a month
Luis Fonsi track Despacito crowned most-streamed song of all time... as collaborator Justin Bieber celebrates beating his own record with night out
Do I have to, Mummy? Sleepy Prince George rubs his eyes as the royals receive an official welcome in Berlin (while Charlotte is presented with a mini bouquet)
Her royal hugness! Kate receives a rapturous welcome from young fans as she and William dole out cuddles and high fives on a visit to a children's charity
Up All Night? Louis Tomlinson looks a little sleepy as he continues on his gruelling promo tour for new single
She gave her bikini a day off! Olivia Munn covers up in Makes Waves Gotcha top in Vancouver after modeling a swimsuit in Malibu
'It's expensive to get divorced': Ola Jordan jokes about ending marriage to husband James... after he admits to looking at other women
Windswept Geri Horner cuts a stylish figure in pastel pink biker jacket and skinny jeans as she steps out in London
Natalie Portman is ravishing in boho-inspired red frock as she steals the show at Dior for Love event in Tokyo
That's amore? Bikini-clad Lily Collins is joined by a hunky mystery man as she soaks up the sun in Italy 
Introducing him to the family already! Michelle Williams continues smitten display with handsome mystery man for dinner in Rome alongside Matilda, 11
Jemma Lucy has her surgically-enhanced thong-clad derrière grabbed by Zaralena Jackson as EOTB co-stars strut their stuff in Portugal
'Charlie from Casualty' actor Derek Thompson is BBC's highest-paid soap star on £400,000 as the rest of the show's cast are named Auntie's highest earning actors 
'It's good to see a nurse earning more than a doctor': Twitter erupts in support of Casualty's Charlie as the  star is announced as its highest paid actor
Is that Strictly fair? BBC's flagship show's Craig Revel Horwood and Darcey Bussell earn £50,000 less than Bruno Tonioli on up to £250,000
Awkward! BBC Breakfast's Dan Walker quips 'today's going to be fun' with his female colleagues as it's revealed only HE made the BBC's rich list
'I accept your apology!' Caitlyn Jenner confronts Jimmy Kimmel over jokes cracked during her transition during talk show 
She's a fashionable flyer! Charlize Theron jets into New York in effortlessly stylish pink-and-black jacket and fedora hat
That's not protocol! Enthusiastic dog gives Prince Charles a LICK on the forehead - as crowds jostle to welcome the royal and Camilla to Cornwall
Sartorially savvy Hayley Hasselhoff looks smitten as she walks hand-in-hand with Holly Hagan's ex Kyle Christie for another cosy sighting in London
Rooney Mara goes completely topless as she showers after passionately romping with co-star Ben Mendelsohn for upcoming drama Una
A new beau! Lea Michele holds hands with fashion executive Zandy Reich in NYC... one week after four-year anniversary of Cory Monteith's death
Coronation Street's Kym Marsh channels her inner Hilda Ogden as on Manchester set with her hair in rollers ahead of new scene with screen 'love interest' 
Braless Courtney Stodden displays her buxom bust in semi-sheer white crop top as she cuts a sombre figure in London
Tearful Aaron Carter denies being under the influence after DUI arrest... and says his problems began after terrorist attacks on 9/11
Shirtless Richard Gere, 67, larks about on the beach in Italy on family holiday with his son Homer, 17, and glamorous girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 34
'I just wanted a really beautiful, serene space': TV presenter Louise Roe opens the doors to her elegant new Hollywood Hills home in a stunning shoot
Katherine Heigl strips off for racy new sex scene with co-star Steven Pasquale as troubled legal drama Doubt returns after abrupt cancellation
Love Island's Olivia Attwood unrecognisable in throwback snap... as the star's sister lashes out at show bosses for putting her under a 'constant spotlight'
'Hot felon' Jeremy Meeks enjoys a cigarette on the balcony of a luxury LA hotel... as new flame Chloe Green returns to Instagram with a besotted snap
'It's a thing': Harry Styles CONFIRMS he has four nipples... before pointing out exactly where they are in flirty Chelsea Handler interview
From TOWIE to Tennessee! Nervous Megan McKenna films debut country gig at iconic Nashville music venue where Taylor Swift was discovered
Jeremy Clarkson's daughter Emily blocked out her famous father when penning about boys in new book... as it contains 'things he shouldn't know'
Tamara Ecclestone looks effortlessly glamorous in a black bodycon dress and a denim jacket as she steps out with cute daughter Sophia
Karlie Kloss displays her statuesque physique in striking black swimsuit as she hits Miami Beach ahead of her 25th birthday celebration
'BBC you sexist pigs': Good Morning Britain host Piers Morgan blasts broadcaster as the gender pay gap between presenters is revealed
Kris she for real? Momager Jenner, 61, flashes her bra as she seriously splashes the cash in Hermes with boyfriend Corey Gamble, 33
Jennifer Aniston highlights svelte figure in T-shirt and ripped jeans for dinner date with Justin Theroux
Ex-EastEnders actor Paul Nicholls 'seriously injured' in hospital after spending THREE DAYS trapped alone at the foot of a Thai waterfall after falling and smashing leg
'Nobody wants to see that!' Michelle Heaton shocks with VERY graphic workout video... with fans insisting the 'close up' shot is a 'rude awakening' 
Bella Thorne flashes serious cleavage in raunchy lace bralet as she rocks daring grunge look in NYC... after denying she cheated on ex Tyler Posey
Karrueche Tran shows off her rippling abs in bardot crop top and thigh-skimming mini skirt as she enjoys dinner date with her dad
Gemma Oaten indulges in a spot of retail therapy in pin-flaunting shorts and eye-catching polka dot blouse with new beau Scott Walker 
EXCLUSIVE 'She broke up with HIM': Jamie Jewitt's family lash out at claims he 'dumped his girlfriend hours before going on Love Island'
'It's a less magical era of monarchy': Baronet says Kate makes the Royal Family NORMAL in new documentary (and she makes its future stronger)
EXCLUSIVE: 'He used to eat me out of house, home and restaurant!' Elliott Wright heaps praise on close friend James Argent for lifestyle transformation
Emily Ratajkowski showcases her stunning physique as she strips down to skimpy string bikini and chic sun hat at the beach
Arsenal superstar Alexis Sanchez jets off for break with family as Arsene Wenger tells him to fire his side back into the Champions League
'You need to stop!': Woman, 21, in R Kelly's 'sex cult' blasts her father as friends say it was HIM who encouraged her to move in with the singer
Waste not want not! Queen Letizia of Spain recycles an old Hugo Boss top as she holds an adorable baby while visiting a monastery in Cantabria
Governor-General breaks royal protocol by TOUCHING the Queen as she leaves Canada House after marking the 150th anniversary of the Confederation
Kelly Brook flaunts her eye-popping assets in a plunging maxi-dress as she enjoys night out in St Tropez with beau Jeremy Parisi and pal Kimberley Garner
'I made her FaceTime my family': Kylie Jenner unveils remarkably lifelike waxwork replica at Madame Tussauds and even Kardashians can't tell them apart
Superhero love! Justin Timberlake gets a big hug from 'Bat Kid' who runs onto golf course during celebrity tournament in Lake Tahoe
'It's been a long while': Blazin' Squad CONFIRM reunion alongside Love Island's Marcel Somerville as it's revealed they're going on tour
Topless Naomi Watts slips off her sexy black negligée to romp with onscreen husband Billy Crudup in new drama Gypsy... as it emerges they are 'dating' 
Sparks are flying! Jordin frolics in the sea with handsome new beau Dana Isaiah during beach day in Hawaii... following romance with Jason DeRulo
Braless Bianca Gascoigne displays serious cleavage in chic trouser suit... as she enjoys romantic date night with ex CJ Meeks after reconciliation
It's The Osbornes! Proud Dan shares wedding picture with new wife Jacqueline Jossa, daughter Ella and son Teddy... after 'his ex BANNED photoshoots'
'She can smell that 50k': Panicked Gabby finally professes her love for Marcel... but viewers insist she's 'full of s**t and just vying for the prize money
Rita Ora and Diplo reignite romance rumours as they enjoy a night out in NYC... amid reports she 'is dating' Ronnie Wood's son Tyrone
A star is born! Unseen photos of Meghan Markle as a budding actress in her school plays show she was always destined for fame
Ben Affleck drops out of Netflix film to focus on 'wellness and family'... as he continues 'dating' SNL producer Linsday Shookus
EXCLUSIVE 'She'll come back fighting': Giggly Stephanie Davis enjoys pamper day... as she puts 'horror' of Jeremy McConnell battle behind her
EXCLUSIVE: Made In Chelsea: Ibiza reveals first look at the bikini-clad cast and E4 teases its most explosive, drama-filled summer series yet
Eva Longoria, 42, shows off her sensational figure in a tiny bikini as she gives husband José Bastón an eyeful during blissful beach day in Marbella
'His poor legs were buckling': The Kills' Alison Mosshart comes under fire from fans as she and her pals take turns sitting on a Shetland pony
'There's nothing wrong with it!' Frustrated Susanna Reid defiantly admits she 'regularly cries' during heated debate with Piers Morgan about emotions
'That's not what I meant at all': Andrew Garfield insists his controversial comment about being a 'gay man without the physical act' was taken out of context
'I'm very happy': Cristiano Ronaldo CONFIRMS girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez is pregnant with his fourth child following months of speculation
Silky Waterhouse! Model Suki looks effortlessly cool in plunging pink frock and trainers...as she flaunts her fashion prowess on the streets of NYC
Got it, flaunt it! Charlotte McKinney shows off flat tummy and famous cleavage in red crop top and leggings
Sophie Hunter displays her post-baby body in a little black dress as she's seen with husband Benedict Cumberbatch for their first time since welcoming a second son
'I'm losing my temper with her': Love Island's Montana brands best friend Camilla 'draining' after the Scottish beauty admits she doesn't feel 'good enough' for Jamie
'Try getting raped in a scene': Furious Evan Rachel Wood slams Ben Affleck for saying kissing a man 20 years ago was biggest acting challenge
Gordon Ramsay shows off his bronzed glow as he enjoys family outing with children and wife at West Hollywood hotspot Catch LA
Sheer for her sweetie! Jennifer Aniston goes bra-free in tank top for night out with Justin Theroux and their pals Jason Bateman and Will Arnett in NYC
'Are you sure the building isn't burning down?!' Scarlett Moffatt sparks concern after admitting to ignoring hotel fire alarm as she is 'TOO TIRED' to evacuate
Sending temperatures soaring! Pamela Anderson strips naked to flash the flesh underneath a sexy coat with thigh-high slit in St Tropez
Lovely in lace! Victoria Secret Angels Sara Sampaio and Elsa Hosk flaunt ample assets to show off new bra collection in New York
Harry Styles jazzes up his traditional suit with quirky red embroidery as he joins handsome Cillian Murphy at premiere for Dunkirk in NYC
Sheesh bosses pledge allegiance to Mark Wright as he RETURNS to eatery for lobster dinner... after ex Lauren Goodger was 'kicked out  to make room for star'
'A little love pat': Luann de Lesseps insists she didn't slap Tom D'Agostino Jr during alleged spat...and says they're having 'a lot of makeup sex'
'Always creating magic': Jada Pinkett Smith gushes about husband Will's new role as The Genie on chat show
Long distance love! Diane Kruger spotted Facetiming with beau Norman Reedus as they film projects thousands of miles apart
Beautiful in blue! Amy Adams is summer chic in sleeveless floral mini dress as she is honored at Giffoni Film Festival in Italy
Lily Cole flaunts her supermodel legs in tiny pinstripe shorts and a VERY cheeky motif T-shirt as she steps out after starring in West End play
PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Where's Seal? Nick Jonas, 24, reunites with his ex-girlfriend Delta Goodrem, 32, at the gym in LA... five years after ending their relationship
Trying to evade their fans? Little Mix go undercover in casual ensembles as they arrive in Perth for Australian tour
Curves ahead! Amber Rose flaunts her sensational figure in fitted sweats and a crop top as she heads for a stroll in NYC with boyfriend 21 Savage
Baby on board! Pregnant New Girl star Hannah Simone covers her bump in gray knit duster  on outing with hubby Jesse Giddings
He's back! Ed Sheeran returns to Twitter after account disappeared following Game Of Thrones cameo
Twice as nice! Kendall Jenner and Gigi Hadid wear bright red leather boots and long dresses as they pair up for Fendi campaign
'He came into this with only lovely intentions': Game Of Thrones director defends Ed Sheeran's cameo after singer was mocked for 'embarrassing' cameo
She looks Vonn-derful! Lindsey takes the plunge in snow white trouser suit at SI Fashionable 50 Party
Meryl Streep suits up on the NYC set of Steven Spielberg's The Papers also starring Tom Hanks
She's got some front! Draya Michele flashes ample cleavage in metallic gown at Sports Illustrated Fashionable 50 party
Marvel's Stan Lee, 94, all smiles at hand and footprint ceremony in Hollywood... in first public appearance since death of beloved wife Joan
Beauty at the beach! Christina Milian risks wardrobe malfunction in tiny string bikini during Miami holiday
Braless Lauren Goodger makes a statement in zigzag trousers... after her sultry dance moves leave social media followers cringing
'He's not bad!' Ryan Seacrest scouts raw talent in NYC subway... as he nears lucrative American Idol deal
Chantel Jeffries dons daring safety-pin skirt at SI bash... after hot dates with Matthew Noszka and Wilmer Valderrama
'I have always loved her': Katy Perry reveals contentment after FINALLY ending three-year feud with Taylor Swift but admits 'we've had our differences'
She's out of this world! Busty Rihanna flaunts her sensational curves in a co-ord as she joins braless co-star Cara Delevingne at Valerian premiere in Paris
Blondes have more fun! Reese Witherspoon, 41, bares cleavage in plunging black one-piece for boat ride with girlfriends in The Hamptons
Love Island's Gabby confirms 'AMAZING' sex with Marcel... after revealing shock plans for boob job as she had 'smallest assets in the house'
'Love it!' Cheryl makes a rare public display of emotion towards boyfriend Liam as she compliments his brand new shorter hairstyle
Model behavior! Make-up free Bella Hadid showcases toned tummy as she shops in sports bra and leggings
Every parent's guide to the best kids' TV on this summer (and how YOUR little one could create a new friend for PAW Patrol!)
'I'm happy with Jamie': Love Island runner-up Camilla confesses she's happy her romance with Prince Harry didn't work out... and is moving in with series BFF Gabby
They should learn to li-lo! Love Island's Kem and Amber reveal a shocked Camilla caught them having sex under an INFLATABLE TURTLE during party 
'I knew he'd fancy her!' Love Island's Chris reveals his DAD eyed up girlfriend Olivia... as she admits fears Katie Price will 'steal her man' 
Katie Price shows off the results of her first facelift on Loose Women... after lifting her sagging cheeks and jawline with £5,000 procedure
'I felt sick reading it': Emma Willis left stunned after making 'horrific' discovery that she has murderous relative during episode of Who Do You Think You Are?
PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Has Liz found love again? Actress Hurley beams as she's pictured for the first time with Yolanda Hadid's ex-husband David Foster
'I got constant bullying from him!': Amber Rose claims Kanye West broke her heart, left her no money and almost caused her to commit suicide
Nothing but net! Jessica Biel displays lithe legs in black body suit with sexy fishnet panels for appearance on Tonight Show
'I sat in the car crying': Tamara Ecclestone reveals battle with parental separation anxiety as she recalls her daughter Sophia's first day at nursery
In the Depp end! Actor Johnny smokes as he submerges himself underwater wearing a suit while filming  Richard Says Goodbye in Vancouver
EXCLUSIVE: Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves is treating himself to TENTH nose job for his 34th birthday at cost of £22k... despite warning it could FALL OFF 
'Canny cactus you've got there!' TOWIE star Pete Wicks sends adoring fans into a frenzy as he cheekily positions plant for VERY saucy snap
Hot wheels! Blac Chyna proudly displays bountiful curves in crop top while taking brand new Ferrari for spin around LA
Playful Nicole Scherzinger, 39, gives a nod to Harry Styles, 23, with hilarious slogan tee... two years after THOSE 'secret fling' claims 
Still All By Myself! Celine Dion is NOT dating back-up dancer Pepe Muñoz... year after husband Rene passed away
Hard-partying Scott Disick is just 'lashing out over sadness of split' from Kourtney Kardashian
Jonnie Peacock pursued for new series of Strictly Come Dancing as BBC hope to make him first para-athlete to appear on flagship show
From catwalk to dogwalk! Gigi Hadid dons cat ears to snuggle up with her sleeping rescue pooch in sweet selfie
Pretty in floral! Kate Bosworth stuns in summery frock and dark red lipstick as she promotes new TV mini series
'You already know the reason': Justin Bieber DENIES he cancelled remainder of tour to start a church as he grabs sushi in LA
Life imitating art? Lili Reinhart and Cole Sprouse are 'dating'... as they play on-screen lovers Betty and Jughead on Riverdale
'Why? It's the same bl**dy job': Furious Julie Walters, 67, slams the gender pay gap in the film industry... as BBC faces backlash over wage divide 
A love match! Shirtless Wimbledon champion Roger Federer soaks up the sun alongside his bikini-clad wife Mirka during family holiday in Italy
'Love my little bump': Pregnant Sam Faiers flaunts her blossoming curves in a crochet bikini on sun-soaked babymoon
Yes, there are more Hadids in the world! Bella and Gigi  join their older half-sister Marielle during casual stroll in New York City
Kylie Jenner sued for copying neon 'lip bite' art for reality show promo... just weeks after she was caught up in  vintage T-Shirt fiasco
Beaming Melissa George dazzles in an orange shift dress as she treats sons Raphaël and Solal to a day at the beach amid bitter custody battle
Flower power! Paula Patton stuns in TWO paisley print outfits while promoting new show... after calling post-divorce dating 'interesting'
'I'm a magnet for weirdos and nutters': Jodie Marsh claims she is being stalked online by someone who befriended her with 'hidden motives'
Liam Hemsworth RUNS OVER Rebel Wilson with his car while filming their new movie Isn't It Romantic in New York City
The Homecoming King! Love Island winner Kem Cetinay gets a hero's welcome from the lads as he returns to the UK with his queen Amber Davies 
Where's the Kem-istry? Enamoured Love Island runners-up compete for steamiest post-show... yet winners Kem and Amber STILL keep their distance
High times! Supermodel Gigi Hadid sports a marijuana pendant as she dons a chic outfit in New York City
'We're kind of engaged': Robert Pattinson FINALLY addresses his relationship with 'amazing' and 'talented' fiancée FKA twigs
Smouldering Jessica Chastain opts for pared-back make-up with sexy sheer top before larking around in glasses and denim for dazzling new shoot 
Braless Barbara Palvin teases at her side boob as she narrowly avoids wardrobe malfunction while whipping off her dress during sizzling shoot
'It's written all over her face!': Love Island fans claim Caroline Flack, 37, is DATING Mike Thalassitis, 24... as he sets his sights on Lottie Moss
Now the REAL grafting begins! Love Island crew get to work dismantling the villa as the clean up starts on set after thrilling series finale
Permanent tribute! Drake tattoos Lil Wayne's face on his arm... eight years after rapper signed him
More cake! Jennifer Lopez is surprised with sweet treet by Shades Of Blue cast and crew as she celebrates 48th birthday on set
Having a ball! Lindsay Lohan slips into a slinky aqua swimsuit as she frolics in the pool during her sun-soaked Mykonos holiday
She's feeling herself! Ashley Graham flaunts every curve as she stars in a very saucy video modeling her latest lacy lingerie designs
Beat the heat! Miley Cyrus shows off her sensational figure as she rocks black bikini while shopping in Malibu with mother Tish
Legs for days! Jourdan Dunn shows off her model pins in mini skirt as she rocks double denim on New York stroll
Aristo-crack-ing! Coronation Street's Helen Flanagan shows off her toned abs as she slips into a pair of children's pyjamas
Justin Bieber cancelled the remainder of his Purpose world tour because he is 'rededicated his life to Christ and wants to start his own church'
Katy Perry, The Weeknd, Kendrick Lamar lead MTV Video Music Award nominations... with Ariana Grande, Rihanna on list too
Blast of color! This Is Us actress Chrissy Metz looks pretty in multi-colored dress in NYC to promote her hit TV show
Is Ryan calling? Lucy Mecklenburgh flashes her taut abs in floral co-ord as she chats on phone after officially confirming new romance
Even reality TV divas love junk food! Kim Kardashian and Kanye West are seen chowing down on McDonald's outside  jet in video taken by Khloe
Her girl squad! Reese Witherspoon leaves her husband and three kids at home to party with pals in The Hamptons
'All will be explained': Chris Harrison says Bachelor in Paradise's Corinne Olympios and DeMario Jackson will reveal what happened
Catfight alert! Besties Taylor Swift and Selena Gomez go head-to-head with frenemy Katy Perry in Best Collaboration category for MTV VMAs
They work out together! Charlize Theron reveals she didn't train with old pal Keanu Reeves for Atomic Blonde... but they use the same gym
Taylor Swift and boyfriend Joe Alwyn go to extreme measures to for a low-key outing with a giant umbrella and hoodies as they step out in NYC
Heavily-pregnant Danielle Bux displays her big bump in a chic dress as high-earning ex Gary Lineker carries her flowers... after pay scandal
'See you on the other side!' Bikini-clad Georgia Harrison and her fellow Love Island stars share emotional snaps from the villa as the hit series ends
Summer's hottest invite! Caroline Flack lets loose as she floods Instagram with snaps of her cosying up to Love Island stars at wild after-party following finale
Love Island winners Amber and Kem fly home from Mallorca with their VERY amorous co-stars... but why are they the only ones not packing on the PDA?
With her man! Selena Gomez holds onto beau of seven months The Weeknd as she celebrates her 25th birthday in LA
Making a statement! Model Sofia Richie wears long  Matrix-style coat with 'conflict' written on back during strut through NYC
Tinashe receives restraining order against obsessed fan who thinks they're married because he is 'unable to distinguish reality from fantasy'
Frank Sinatra's fourth and final wife Barbara dies at age 90 in California... almost 20 years after the legendary My Way crooner passed away
Sun's out, buns out! Joanna Krupa shows ex Romain Zago what he's missing by baring  naked booty during 'well deserved' Mykonos vacation
'So lucky to be his mummy': Naomi Watts pays tribute to son Alexander 'Sasha' Pete on his 10th birthday and shares photos from their trip to Africa
EXCLUSIVE: Love Island winners Amber and Kem 'to become millionaires within A YEAR'... as it's claimed he has ALREADY raked in £250K before leaving villa 
EXCLUSIVE: Yolanda Hadid was treated with frog venom for Lyme disease, ridiculed by her RHOBH co-stars for 'faking it' and cruelly dumped by David Foster
Whatever floats your boat! Shirtless Liam Payne busts a move aboard a lavish yacht as he soaks up the sun at sea with a DJ pal
Plotting world Dom-ination? Busty Jess Shears is the ultimate pin-up in a barely-there swimsuit... amid reports Love Island losers will make more cash
Lean on me! Teresa Giudice takes father Giacinto out in NYC... four months after the death of her mother Antonia Gorga
'Who are you and what have you done with Plan B?': Fans are amazed as rapper unveils weight loss and dramatic new image at Shakespeare's Globe comeback gig
Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa shops with beau Doug, 55, at Home Depot... and leaves with ladder sticking out of her Bentley convertible
Megan McKenna rocks a TINY white lace dress as she performs in Nashville for her new solo TV show... after fans labelled the TOWIE star 'too skinny'
Louise Redknapp and gal pal Daisy Lowe pose with Strictly newlyweds Aljaz Skorjanec and Janette Manrara on their wedding day... amid claims of her own 'split'
FIRST PHOTO: Jill Duggar asks followers to 'meet Samuel Scott Dillard' as she shares Instagram snap of new baby with husband Derek
'The only woman who has ever loved me unconditionally': RHOA star Kenya Moore mourns the loss of grandmother who raised her
Busty Blac Chyna shows off her incredible '$100k' hourglass body in plunging nude crop top and hot pants... after treating herself to brand new $272K Ferrari
Nick Viall smiles with fiancee Vanessa Grimaldi after rocky relationship rumors and one-on-one lunch with Bachelor In Paradise castmate
'I give Justin two thumbs up!': John Mayer says Bieber would have done DAMAGE to himself if he had not ended Purpose World Tour early
'Keep calm and carry on!' Prince Albert shares relationship advice for Harry and Meghan and admits that joining a royal family is a 'tough act'
Cara Delevingne pokes fun at herself as she is caught on camera stealing a glance at Rihanna's ample cleavage at Valerian premiere in London 
Justin Bieber's 'flame' Audreyana Michelle shows off her model proportions in skimpy crop top and jogging bottoms as she steps out in Beverly Hills
EXCLUSIVE: 'I was a different person when I was last engaged': Vicky Pattison reveals she's happier than ever with fiancé John... as she stuns in sexy shoot
That's the spirit-s! Make-up free Jodie Kidd necks several drinks as she toasts her newly-purchased pub in Sussex
PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Holly Candy covers up as she grabs groceries with her daughter Luka... after sister Olympia hinted that she was 'ready for second baby'
Giddy Anna Friel, 41, cuddles a pooch on set of Marcella... after returning to the spotlight following cosy display with Charlie Heaton, 23, at the TV BAFTAs
Kate Plus 8 star Gosselin says it's 'bittersweet' that special needs son Collin cannot attend the 13th birthday party for her sextuplets
Dylan O'Brien reveals training for American Assassin role 'was very good for recovery' after on-set injury
William mixes up his models! Prince appears to confuse Claudia and Cindy during Diana doc (prompting ANOTHER super to step in and correct him)
The Curious Case of Macaulay Culkin: Child actor, 36, is back to his former self with new haircut and healthy glow as he goes on dinner date with Brenda Song
Jon Snow and Khaleesi finally moved closer to meeting but Arya Stark not being eaten by her direwolf was a cop-out. The highs and lows in Game Of Thrones
'Omgggggggg why y'all doin this to me?': Nicki Minaj joins Snapchat and within minutes fans blow up her phone with messages and calls
Back to the (other) day job: Roger Federer takes twin sons Lenny and Leo out in Italy as he plays doting dad after eighth Wimbledon win
Brooklyn nights? Beckham teen 'hunting for apartment in New York' to pursue photography career and 'other projects'
Karrueche Tran flaunts her enviable abs in a white crop top and relaxed army pants as she hits the shops in LA
Al Pacino steps back into Joe Paterno's shoes as he returns to the NYC set of movie about disgraced football coach
Plaid's the way to do it! Elegant Kate Bosworth dazzles in a silk midi-dress as she cosies up to husband Michael Polish at National Geographic party
Jeremy Clarkson's mortified daughter Emily is left cringing as he attempts to 'dab' and describes his Mallorca holiday as 'lit' in a series of odd tweets
It's the slimming aid hailed a 'gastric band in a glass' popular with celebs including Holly Hagan - and it's all down to ONE ingredient in the drink
U2 star Adam Clayton, 57, becomes a father for the second time as he announces the birth of daughter Alba with wife Mariana de Carvalho
No Summertime Sadness here! Lana Del Rey flashes a beaming smile as she rocks skinny jeans and tight blouse at BBC Radio 1 studios
Nothing Meek(s) about them! 'Hot felon' Jeremy and girlfriend Chloe Green coordinate in white ensembles during lavish lunch date as their romance heats up
Cute children who grew up to conquer Love Island: Charming school days photos of winning Kem and Amber who became the hit show's raciest EVER pair 
Katharine McPhee puts her lavish 3-bedroom Toluca Lake bungalow complete with swimming pool on the market for a whopping $1.549 million
EXCLUSIVE: 'I haven't been sat crying into a pillow!' MIC's Sam Thompson on enjoying the single life after his shock split from Tiff Watson
Mum's the word! Heavily-pregnant Danielle Lloyd shows off her baby bump in a bright orange lace dress as she joins mother Jackie on Lorraine
'I've met my wife!' Kem Cetinay and Amber Davies are crowned WINNERS of Love Island 2017... beating Camilla Thurlow and Jamie Jewitt to the £50K prize
'Bosses don't want the bromance to end': Love Island's Kem and Chris 'set for spin-off reality show'... and even Stormzy promises them collaboration
'Justin Bieber can go f*** himself': Singer hit by fan backlash after cancelling remainder of Purpose World Tour amid claims 'he's just over it'
Dance and destroy: Mickey Rourke hit with $30,000 lawsuit after failing to pay rent, causing extensive damages, and installing unapproved 'disco light'
She's out of this world: Braless Rihanna shows off her sensational curves in slinky silver satin dress at Valerian afterparty
'I'm happy with my boobs': Newly-slim Dawn French, 59, admits she's ditched her diet to save her cup size... after shedding almost eight stone
EXCLUSIVE: 'It's drivel': Camilla Thurlow's uncle says Love Island was difficult' for her mother to watch... despite her reaching runner-up spot
'F*** I actually need to get a life now': Love Island's celebrity fans mourn the end of the series... as they congratulate winners Kem and Amber
Make-up free Paris Jackson shows off her long legs in tiny shorts and puffs on cigarette as she runs errands 
Former Love Island star Zara Holland shows off ample assets and taut midriff in tiny bikini as she wows on the beach in Barbados
Linkin Park frontman Chester Bennington bought $2.5million home for his family just two months before he was found dead in a bedroom
Tom Hanks gets into character as late Washington Post editor Ben Bradlee on the set of Steven Spielberg's new movie The Papers
'Bronzing my bump': Pregnant Ferne McCann sets pulses racing as she shows off her evolving figure in a skimpy orange caged bikini
Tom Sturridge 'collapses onstage' during George Orwell's 1984 Broadway play... after Jennifer Lawrence 'threw up' while watching torture scene
Slim Josie Gibson reveals a little too much in VERY sheer bralette in fun festival Instagram snap... as she shows off the incredible results of her tummy tuck
The look of Love (Island)! Besotted Jonny Mitchell can't take his eyes off Chyna Ellis on a night out in Manchester as show final airs 
'It's like Cinderella's rags': Braless Caroline Flack divides Love Island fans with low-cut jagged number during final... (and she only just manages to stay in it!)
'We still have feelings for each other': Pregnant Cara De La Hoyde admits she rushed relationship with ex Nathan Massey as she offers advice
Oh my Hadid! Gigi and Bella's mum Yolanda, 53, flaunts shapely backside in cheeky Instagram from vacation to The Alps
Girls about town! Kim Kardashian slips into cleavage-baring top as sister Kourtney flashes bra in sheer blouse while running errands
Holy smoke! Naked Kendall Jenner poses under a chandelier while holding a cigarette (but insists doesn't have a nicotine addiction)
Like father like son! Dapper David Beckham coordinates white ensembles with Brooklyn... amid claims he is leading a 'separate life' from wife Victoria
Could he BE more relaxed? Matthew Perry, 47, goes shirtless as he soaks up the sun in 'much needed' Mexico vacation
'We're looking forward to doing the deed': Love Island's Gabby admits she can't wait to bed boyfriend Marcel outside the villa after abstaining on the show
He really IS her type on paper! Endless romps, spectacular fallouts and a big fat pay cheque... A look back on Kem and Amber's tumultuous romance
They've got good jeans! Chris Hemsworth and his brother Luke flaunt their buff physiques in casual shirts and denim trousers 
PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Babymoon bliss! Pregnant Jessica Alba puts her bump on show in little black bikini on 'magic' Hawaii break with family
'He couldn't get excited': BB's Sam and Ellie still haven't had sex because he was too DRUNK... as she says she was 'nearly concussed'
Where have THEY been? Rihanna struggles to contain her assets in low-cut gown alongside suit-clad Cara Delevingne at Valerian's London premiere
Thought you didn't care? Braless Cara Delevingne flashes flesh in bespoke Burberry crystal capelet and suit at premiere of box office flop Valerian
Swimsuit model Joy Corrigan suffers a wardrobe malfunction in a flimsy white dress during shoot on Miami Beach
'Anyone else want to reach into the TV and give them a hug?': Viewers' emotion as Harry and William reveal how they struggled to cope after Diana's death
In bed with Chrissy Teigen: Topless model playfully romps around in bedsheets for Snapchat video
'It was a little bit disrespectful': Louis Tomlinson FINALLY addresses fan-fiction romance Larry Stylinson... as he debuts new tattoo
EXCLUSIVE: The Body Elle MacPherson, 53, hits the surf with handsome life coach in Mexico following 'split' from billionaire husband
In a black mood! Khloe Kardashian wears dark ensemble as she stomps out of studio after filming KUWTK
Don't blow out the candles yet! Birthday girl Selena Gomez sizzles in black dress as she steps out AGAIN to party the night away for her 25th milestone
Ready to rock? Gisele Bundchen shows off model legs and toned tummy as she poses with guitar and microphone for Rosa Cha campaign
Atomic Blonde! Charlize Theron rocks bondage-inspired ensemble with black leather bra and fringed mini skirt at LA movie premiere
'I'm not trying to hide my bump!' Pregnant Ferne McCann is a vision in bra and skirt combo... as she insists slender appearance is merely a camera angle
Fit fashionista! Bella Hadid flaunts taut tummy in clinging sports bra and leggings while jogging in New York
'I've just put on weight after enjoying myself': Coleen Rooney defiantly shuts down pregnancy rumours... after sparking speculation during family holiday
Blac Chyna shows off new ankle tattoo of her initials at Los Angeles airport after her boyfriend Mechie got same
Classy wheels! Blac Chyna looks ecstatic as she shows off her brand new $272K Ferrari 488 Spider with baby Dream in her arms
Chloe Lattanzi confirms her mother Olivia Newton-John is on the road to recovery as she spruiks cannabis oil as powerful treatment on The Morning Show
Cara De La Hoyde oozes glamour for Love Island bash after Kem and Amber are named winners... as ex victor prepares to welcome show's first baby
'I don't give a s**t about what I look like': Defiant Cara Delevingne denounces her model status... after admitting she 'didn't like what modelling stood for'
Love Island runner-up Camilla Thurlow utters 'love you' to Jamie Jewitt as she finally let her guard down during series final
Busty Ashley James shows off her famed curves in an array of barely-there swimwear for sexy new shoot
Grungy gal! Lorde is all smiles as she rocks 90s chic in a kooky black dress atop a white blouse while out with a male friend in New Zealand 
What final? Love Island's Jess Shears shows off famed curves in TINY white mini dress for dinner date Dom Lever... as they shun watching last show
'That dive was the highlight of the series!' Love Island's Chris and Olivia are reunited with 'son' Cash during finale... while fans go WILD for her pool leap
Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski shows off slim pins in grey mini as she keeps low profile on gloomy day in LA
Eat your heart out! Kim Kardashian flashes cleavage and TINY WAIST in slashed crop top for lunch with Khloe and Kourtney
Shaken, not replaced! Daniel Craig to return as James Bond in 2019... despite saying he'd rather 'slash my wrist' than reprise role
'I felt sick': 'Horrified' Emma Willis discovers that her relative tried to murder someone as she uncovers family tree in Who Do You Think You Are?
Love Island's Malin Andersson shears hair into a pixie crop to donate lengthy locks to charity in support of mum who is diagnosed with cancer
'That's some sucker a** s***!' Amber Rose SLAMS Rob Kardashian for revenge porn aimed at Blac Chyna
Life before Love Island: Victors Amber Davies and Kem Cetinay look sweet in baby-faced throwback snaps... as they prepare for millionaire lifestyle 
Love Island runner-up Camilla Thurlow confesses she's happy her romance with Prince Harry didn't work out as she looks forward to the future with Jamie Jewitt
Chrissy Teigen is blazing hot as she dresses in fireman uniform to celebrate McDonald's new delivery system
'This has been my dream since I was a little girl': Beaming Megan McKenna performs in Nashville as she wraps production on new solo TV show
Pretty little piggies! Ashley Benson swaps her gold booties for flip-flops to protect her fresh pedi in Los Angeles
Charlotte Keys is booted out of Big Brother in shock back door eviction DAYS before the final... as Isabelle Warburton survives another public vote
Atomic Blonde bombshell! Charlize Theron keeps it casual cool as she parades enviably lean physique in clinging leggings at lunch with daughter
'I've seen this somewhere before!': Elle Macpherson hits back at Instagram influencer for ripping off her image in copycat social media post
Purrfect performance! Sienna Miller shows off her natural beauty as she signs autographs for fans after appearing in Cat On A Hot Tin Roof theatre show
Things getting saucy? Lorde is all smiles as she steps out for kitchenwares with rumoured boyfriend Justin Warren
Ashley Judd looks sensational in cleavage-baring sheer dress as she discusses being a 'bada**' at the TCAs in Beverly Hills
Meet Wisdom! Comedian Kel Mitchell shares first photo of newborn daughter with wife Aisha Lee
She's blooming! Kelly Ripa steps out in floral print Gucci dress in New York City ahead of chat show appearance
Phil Mitchell was back! Walford's legendary rogue started by attacking Lisa Fowler in the hospital corridor on EastEnders, by JIM SHELLEY 
Colman's mustard... but this is a muddle: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of Mosquitoes 
Back on! Cheryl Burke and Matthew Lawrence heat up their rekindled romance during Caribbean getaway
'I am DYING inside': Lauren Goodger shows off trim figure in sexy black jumpsuit as she gets off her sick bed to attend lingerie launch
Showing off what she's got! Britney Spears puts her cleavage on display in skimpy purple crop top as she shares a workout clip on Instagram
Braless Bella Hadid shows off her sensational figure  in tight white top and Daisy Dukes as she shares a giggle with elder sister Gigi in NYC
Love Island's Jess Shears has tattoo tribute to Dom Lever after meeting TWO MONTHS ago... as it's revealed the inking is another sponsored post
Newly-engaged Vicky Pattison puts on an eye-popping display sporting bridal-inspired bustier as outerwear as she leads glamour at Ann Summers launch
14 things everyone knows to be true about camping (but we still love it!) 
Pregnant Ferne McCann shows off her bump in a fitted jumpsuit as she joins glamorous pal Danielle Armstrong at lingerie launch
Scarlett Moffatt fears ex-boyfriend Richard Cull 'will reveal their sex secrets' on Love Island style show... after he claimed their romance was 'toxic'
'Back when I wasn't allowed out': Lauren Goodger shares throwback snap... as she hints at romance with 'controlling' ex Mark Wright
'My children don't need me to find them a wife': Bake Off winner Nadiya Hussein reveals she won't force her kids into having arranged marriages
Joanna Krupa wears facemask as she flaunts her figure in a skimpy bikini during getaway to Greece...as Brandi Glanville 'seeks to throw out model's lawsuit'
Chrissy Teigen looks glamorous in stylish polka-dot dress and statement earrings as she steps out with baby Luna in NYC
MIC's Frankie Gaff flaunts her enviable figure in nothing but bikini bottoms and well placed snooker balls in an array of saucy swimwear selfies
'I'm the smallest I've ever been': Corrie's Catherine Tyldesley gushes about loving her body after losing a huge SEVEN dress sizes 
Demi Moore, 54, hasn't changed since filming Striptease 21 YEARS ago as she flaunts her stunning figure in racy scenes from new film
Channel 4 has axed The Jump after 34 celebrity contestants suffered major injuries during its four years on the air
That's what Friends are for! TV sisters Jennifer Aniston and Reese Witherspoon reunite for new series about morning TV
'My family's hero passed away': Marc Anthony grieves mother's death with heartbreaking Twitter message
The Shear(s) cheek of it! Buxom Love Island star Jess leaves NOTHING to the imagination as she strips completely naked for sizzling shoot
'You can be profitable for not being who you truly are': Keke Palmer slams Kylie Jenner for caving to societal pressure to 'make herself beautiful'
Instagram snap that cost John Terry £400,000: Burglars raided former England captain's £5million Surrey mansion to steal an 'eye-watering' haul
Legendary Hollywood actor Martin Landau died from 'massive internal bleeding' from intra-abdominal hemorrhage his death certificate reveals
Busty Heidi Klum, 44, gets up close with beau Vito Schnabel, 30, as she shows off her flawless figure in VERY skimpy red bikini on plush yacht in St Tropez
(Ri)oh my! Kate Wright just about protects her modesty through sizzling sheer swimsuit in latest sexy snap... days after romantic night out with Ferdinand
'How have you just had a baby?': Fans marvel Chelsee Healy's post-pregnancy body as she teases at her taut stomach TWO WEEKS after giving birth
Suited to a tee: Ronan Keating and wife Storm enjoy golf tournament in matching outfits on double date alongside Brian McFadden and Danielle Parkinson
BBC's 'new Bake Off' The Big Family Cooking Showdown will see 16 families face off in the kitchen... as Zoe Ball and Nadiya Hussain find UK's best foodies
Her Majesty's former page boy is a hit with the ladies: Princess Margaret's grandson Arthur Chatto shows off his hunky physique on Instagram
'Most actors are crazy': Sharknado star Tara Reid reveals why she would NEVER date newly-single Brad Pitt or anyone else in Hollywood
'I wanted to be in the public eye': Montana Brown makes candid admission she only took part in Love Island to be famous... as she brands pal Camilla 'draining'
Lovely in lace! Priyanka Chopra showcases her figure in plunging white broderie anglaise dress as she heads out in NYC
'Beautiful moment with my babies': Pregnant Sam Faiers shares picture of baby Paul cuddling her growing bump in sweet Instagram post
Another day, another bikini! Natasha Oakley flaunts stunning curves in skimpy red two-piece in Malibu after revealing hopes to inspire others with body confidence
The Modelizer is back! Leonardo DiCaprio is yet again surrounded by a bevy of beauties as he is joined by giggling best pal Tobey Maguire on St Tropez yacht 
Celebrity Big Brother accused of COPYING Love Island set after being trounced in the ratings war by more than 1,000,000 viewers each night
Love Island's Tyne-Lexy Clarson dazzles in figure hugging midi dress showing off voluptuous curves at lingerie show
She's moving on! Shania Twain slams ex husband and pays tribute to iconic hit in new video for Life's About To Get Good
Hannah Agboola and Kieran Lee narrowly miss out on the Big Brother final as they're booted out the back door in brutal last eviction
Katie Price sends fans wild as she flaunts her hourglass curves in a thigh-skimming little black dress for sexy snap following her first face-lift
Kate Moss gets the superstar treatment driving through Capri on a yellow buggy as she heads to meet her man Von Bismarck for romantic breakaway
Love Island runner-up Camilla treats Jamie Jewitt to a piggyback as she shows him around 'Thurlow manor' on romantic stroll in Scotland
Cool in camo! Madison Beer flashes toned tummy while plugging her new single amid relationship rumors with Brooklyn Beckham
Louisa Johnson flashes a hint of her purple bra as she joins silver crop-top wearing Charli XCX at MTV event in Plymouth 
James Blunt swaps his ballads for bollards: Singer wears orange cone hat and jokes he couldn't park in 'rock star' space during his US tour
Kelsey Grammer's splashing out in the West End: Frasier star to make his London theatre debut in premiere of American musical Big Fish
Victoria and David Beckham put on a united front following sweat-inducing gym session in LA... amid claims couple are leading 'separate lives'
Nina Agdal cheekily uses pizza Emoji to protect her modesty in sizzling NAKED snap... as she shows ex Leonardo DiCaprio what he's missing
'What a beautiful couple!': Natalie Imbruglia appears to confirm new romance with photographer Matt Field
Having a heart to heart! Rebel Wilson stands out in yellow sweater as she chats with co-star Liam Hemsworth while filming Isn't It Romantic
Letting it sink in: Yolanda Hadid looks downcast in NYC after it's revealed ex-husband David Foster has been romancing Elizabeth Hurley
Bright idea! Kendall Jenner stands out in New York City with yellow jacket as the model takes her mini Louis Vuitton purse to the gym
'Decorating, house stuff, that was Brad's thing': Angelina Jolie is learning to cook and be a homebody for her six kids in $25m mansion post Pitt split
Spoiler Alert! Rachel Lindsay's friend appears to have let slip the identity of Bachelorette star's chosen suitor
What a glorious rogues' gallery! PATRICK MARMION says 'more please' for open air version of Oliver Twist 
Something sinister lurks beneath the Aussie sun - and it's addictive: Christopher Stevens reviews last night's TV
Ballads of Bob make for a Dylan delight: QUENTIN LETTS watches Girl From The North Country at The Old Vic
Love Island's Cally-Jane Beech showcases her incredible post-baby body for sizzling lingerie shoot... following Luis Morrison split
Victoria's Secret model Doutzen Kroes displays her ripped figure in a pink tasselled bikini as she frolics on a super-yacht in St Tropez
My pharaoh lady! Sophie Okonedo signs up as Ralph Fiennes's Cleopatra in new adaptation of Shakespeare's play at the National Theatre
'Mark Harmon is a mensch!': Maria Bello joins NCIS cast and raves about her new co-star on social media
Generating a lot of buzz! Ryan Murphy and FX reveal new American Horror Story poster featuring brain beehive after season seven name is confirmed
'Good god!' Elizabeth Hurley is left SHOCKED by ex-fiancé Shane Warne as cricket legend showcases his bizarre 'dyed' beard
Mom-to-be chic! Mindy Kaling debuts baby bump in stylish black dress as she hits red carpet at TCA event in Beverly Hills
Wild, wild, West(brook)! Danniella bares slender frame under sheer kaftan as she rides rodeo bull in Spanish bar... after undergoing surgical makeover
'I was doing coke every day': Lamar Odom reflects on  drug overdose and reveals Khloe Kardashian once busted him getting high with another woman
'Don't want to tell you what's gone on in that shower!' Kim Kardashian reminisces as she visits old house she shared with Kris Humphries
'Brace for impact, kids!': Katy Perry is named host of MTV Video Music Awards in August... and is up for five gongs on the night
'As a man he fell in love with women, will she continue?': Twitter goes into meltdown as they claim the first female Doctor Who will be bisexual
A bed fit for a Kem! Amber Davies' mum reveals she bought her daughter a brand new bed so the Love Island winner can romp with her boyfriend
'It makes me excited and turns me on!' Britney Spears shows off her beautiful body in pink bustier as she launches her 21st fragrance, Private Show
It's just Basic Instinct! Youthful Sharon Stone, 59, shows off her natural rhythm with some VERY raunchy dance moves in glimpse at her racy GQ Italia shoot
'We're hoping for a miracle': Jill Zarin in 'shock' after hospitalized husband Bobby's latest cancer procedure
Red hot and ravishing! Jennifer Lopez pumps up the sexy quotient in a sizzling scarlet dress as she celebrates Alex Rodriguez's 42nd birthday
'Adventure here we come!': Honeymooners Julianne Hough and Brooks Laich swap the Seychelles for a safari in Kenya after splashy wedding
 Mark Wright shows off his musclebound physique post-workout in LA as wife Michelle Keegan post snaps from the set of Our Girl in South Africa
'All three of them flashed her': Loose Women's Nadia Sawalha reveals horrific moment daughter's friend, nine, fell victim to online perverts
'It always comes back to sex when you're gay': Will Young claims music bosses told him to kiss George Michael to boost his career shortly after winning Pop Idol 
She's got range! Jennifer Lopez films TV show in New York City and releases new shoe line with Giuseppe Zanotti
Giving them the cold shoulder! Hailey Baldwin rocks sleeveless blouse and clingy trousers as she promotes new show Drop The Mic
Her little gem! North West tells mom Kim Kardashian she has changed her Pomeranian pup's name from Sushi to Diamond
Looking hot is the best revenge! Blac Chyna is pretty in white swimsuit after ugly Rob Kardashian blowup.... as she reveals she's 'good' with ex Tyga
Shirtless Billy Zane, 51, hits the beach with a stunning bikini-clad blonde in St Tropez... three months after kissing a Kelly Brook lookalike in Milan
Love Island's Gabby shares saucy shot of her peachy posterior before posting cheeky video in bed with Marcel... after THAT cringe-worthy comment
Big Apple love! Chrissy Teigen shows off her model legs in black mini dress as she enjoys a date night with husband John Legend
Angelina Jolie criticised for 'cruel' game to pick Cambodian child actors for film in which they were given money and then it was SNATCHED 
She's a real beach girl! Bikini-clad Audrina Patridge puts gym-honed physique on display as she splashes around Miami
Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, has her Bond girl moment as she emerges from ocean in a skimpy bikini... after 'confirming' romance with Jamie O'Hara
'I love fast food, it's really bad!': Minka Kelly reveals she has an addiction to burger and fries but stops indulging once she feels 'sluggish'
Harrison Ford dines with third wife Calista Flockhart and son Liam in Los Angeles... after making ComicCon appearance
Working it! Amy Schumer shows off perfectly toned legs in bold pink mini skirt as she steps out of cab while filming new comedy I Feel Pretty
Phillip Schofield is every inch the proud father as he marks daughter Ruby's graduation from Leeds Beckett with a fun family photo
'I'm madly in love with Mary': Cheers vet Ted Danson talks marriage of 22 years to Steenburgen ahead of his 70th birthday
Adrien Brody's model girlfriend Lara Lieto shows off her incredible abs in white cut-out ensemble as they enjoy beach day in St Tropez
Coco-nuts about you! TOWIE's Courtney Green and Myles Barnett pack on the PDA as they enjoy fun-filled day at the beach in Antigua
EXCLUSIVE 'This time it felt right': Alesha Dixon on how daughter Azura, 3, inspired her to travel to Ghana to tackle the issue of child marriage
'He makes my heart skip a beat!': Jennifer Lopez posts  tribute to beau Alex Rodriguez on his 42nd birthday as she shares handsome portrait
Victoria's Secret Angel Taylor Hill flaunts her enviable toned pins in slinky red mini dress as she soaks up the sun during Saint-Tropez getaway
Kesha clings to a teddy bear and shares childhood home movies in powerful new music video for single Learn To Let Go
'You'll float too!' Pennywise the Clown haunts kids in second trailer for It... as director reveals plans for equally as chilling sequel
Bust-ing a move! Braless Tove Lo flashes her bare breasts as she puts on a very brazen display during gig in Sydney
'Still a muggy p***k ': Love Island's Alex Beattie fires back at Mike... as he leaps to girlfriend Montana Brown's defence following 'dry' jibe
'He finally got me to the farm': Olivia cosies up to boyfriend Chris during home visit... as the hunk is on track to become most popular Love Island star EVER
Strutting her stuff! Victoria's Secret model Kelly Gale, 22, flaunts her slender figure in denim as she steps out in New York City
Pete Wicks and Jemma Lucy among contenders to enter Celebrity Big Brother house... as bombshell Rhian Sugden is set for explosive comeback
The (Liberty) X factor! Michelle Heaton shows off her incredibly toned midriff and pert posterior in animal-print bikini as she enjoys break in Dubai
EXCLUSIVE: Julia Roberts plunks down $4M on a shabby home to add to the growing portfolio of properties she's scooping up in Malibu
Tatt's nice! Cody Simpson cuts a casual figure in a T-shirt as he strolls in Los Angeles and showcases his new anchor hand tattoo
Meeting the parents already? TOWIE's Kate Wright  takes her relationship with Rio Ferdinand to the next level by introducing him to her mum
Busty Lilly Becker turns heads in plunging black swimsuit as she enjoys beach day in Ibiza without husband Boris following rumours of 'marriage rift'
Little Mix's Perrie Edwards displays her rock chic style along with casually clad bandmates as they head to Brisbane to continue Australian tour
Duncan Bannatyne's, 68, new wife Nigora, 37, looks red hot in a bikini as she shows off her impressive abs on romantic honeymoon in Croatia
Paging Dr Marcel! Love Island star is writing a Little Book of Big Love to hand out romantic advice to his fans after coming fourth with Gabby Allen
Have Millie and Hugo secretly got ENGAGED? Divorced star wears a glittering diamond on her ring finger as she gushes over 'best birthday ever' in Greece
Ashlee Simpson works up a sweat at LA gym... as second husband Evan Ross films comedy HeadShop
Baby got Beck! David Beckham signs his autograph on a cheeky girl's BOTTOM... amid claims of a marital rift with wife Victoria
'Today we'll be celebrating like it's day one': Smitten Rochelle and Marvin Humes honour their fifth wedding anniversary with a series of snaps
'Wish I had a time machine': Zoe Ball shares emotional tribute to late boyfriend Billy Yates on Instagram three months after his sudden death
'She ignored signs because of pride': Emmerdale's Zoe Henry discusses the dark reality behind Rhona Goskirk's harrowing marital rape storyline
Justin Bieber hits photographer with his huge pick-up truck and leaves him with minor injuries outside church service days after canceling tour
Ed Sheeran faces Stormzy and former Mercury Prize winners Alt-J and The xx as they go head-to-head in the 2017 shortlist
Princess Diana's lover Dodi was a cocaine fiend who trawled Studio 54 and illegal gay clubs at dawn with celeb pals Liza Minnelli and Robin Williams, says new book
Sara Sampaio passionately locks lips with Oliver Ripley as she jets from Mexico to Mykonos to continue birthday celebrations with her beau
Gordon Ramsay and his brave son Jack capture a Burmese python then cook it and EAT IT on The F Word 
HBO reveals final season of Game Of Thrones may be the longest of all with two hour long episodes
Love Island's Sam Gowland eyed up to join Geordie Shore as cast members Chloe Ferry and Gaz Beadle give their seal of approval
'First night apart in eight weeks': Love Island's Chris Hughes mourns the end of his on-screen bromance with best pal Kem Cetinay
Tom Hardy is set to play English war correspondent Anthony Loyd in an adaptation of the journalist's memoirs about the Bosnian conflict and addiction
He's not just environmentally-friendly! Leonardo DiCaprio calls on megastar mates Kate Winslet and Madonna for celeb-studded gala
Leo-thario DiCaprio laps up the single life as he makes a play for MULTIPLE beautiful women inside his foundation gala in St Tropez
'You're an icon... I adore you!' Kate Beckinsale's daughter Lily pays moving tribute to her mother as British actress celebrates her 44th birthday
Love Island veteran Kady McDermott flashes her flat stomach in a red suit as she goes hand-in-hand with former rival Tina Stinnes
Kim Kardashian flaunts her taut abs in a tiny crop top as she's seen for first time with sister Khloe amid claims 'her surrogate is three-months pregnant'
PICTURED: Michelle Pfeiffer, 59, makes very rare appearance with both her husband David E Kelley and daughter Claudia Rose in NYC
Reigning in the style stakes! Queen Letizia and husband King Felipe make a VERY handsome pair as they carry out a joint engagement in Madrid
'We grew up together': Reese Witherspoon reflects on raising lookalike daughter Ava as she marks her upcoming 18th birthday
'You put aside certain things to love each other': Matt Bomer hints his relationship with his parents is still strained after coming out as he discusses tough roles
'I won't ever look at things in the same light': Miranda Lambert says Blake Shelton divorce means she can no longer 'take pain for granted'
'I get in shape, then I'm back to eating hamburgers': Cate Blanchett talks of extremely tight and 'horrendous' suit worn in Thor: Ragnarok
'It's the magic number!': Ronaldo reveals he is planning to have SEVEN children... after confirming Georgina Rodriguez is expecting his fourth
Putting it all out there! Bella Thorne offers an eyeful in sheer lace bra and hotpants en route to app launch...as she 'moves on from Scott Disick for good'
'They want to keep the memorial private': Chester Bennington's family keen to keep Linkin Park frontman's funeral 'relatives and close friends only'
Sssssexy! Celine Dion oozes daytime glamour in snakeskin coat and racy thigh-high boots as she continues to experiment with her style in Paris
'I wiped tears from the same people that caused mine!' Jeremy Meeks' estranged wife Melissa slams felon-turned-model as he romances Chloe Green
Glamorous Kate Wright enjoys night out with boyfriend Rio Ferdinand as flourishing romance heats up after going public on family day out
She's Keeping Up with the Kardashians! Blac Chyna flaunts major cleavage as she cosies up to Lamar Odom and reunites with baby daddy Tyga at bash
'Now we're saving icebergs': Leonardo DiCaprio, Kate Winslet and Billy Zane reunite at St Tropez gala 20 years after Titanic
Love Island's Jess Shears goes for pyjama-chic cosying up to Dom Lever at star-studded make-up launch... after she is left red-faced in promo gaffe
Radiant Gigi Hadid gives a flash of her toned midriff in NYC... as she steps out for first time since boyfriend Zayn Malik discussed his anxiety struggle
Madison Beer jets to New York amid claims new beau Brooklyn Beckham is looking for a Manhattan apartment to 'pursue their relationship'
'It's just been the hardest time, and we're just kind of coming up for air': Angelina Jolie breaks silence on Brad Pitt split as she reveals 'things got bad'
'Baby on board': Pregnant Ferne McCann puts on a very busty display as she flaunts her growing bump in scalloped bikini during Spanish break
'I've never felt so happy': Male model Lucky Blue Smith, 19, announces birth of daughter Gravity with girlfriend Stormi Bree, 26
X-Men star Nicholas Hoult set 'to play legendary writer J.R.R. Tolkien in new biopic about Hobbit author's life'
'He's overcompensating for his tiny hands': James Corden sings remake of 1960s hit to slam President Trump's ban on transgender soldiers
EXCLUSIVE: 'I'll probably die working!' Larry Lamb, 69, on NEVER retiring, James Corden's 'extraordinary' success and how I'm A Celeb 'put him off eating'
Peek-a-booty! Ariel Winter makes a cheeky display in black Daisy Dukes and tied-up tee while out to lunch with boyfriend Levi Meaden
She rocks! Hailey Baldwin looks sensational in strapless wet-look red mini dress at app launch event
Check her out! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressively slender frame in plaid suit jacket and thigh-skimming shorts as she enjoys a concert in LA
'It was kind of risky!' Robert Pattinson reveals he was KICKED OUT of elite London school for selling stolen porn magazines to classmates
David Beckham cannot stop grinning despite committing cardinal fashion sin after workout... in midst of reports of marital woes with wife Victoria
Snoop Dogg cleared in Wiz Khalifa lawsuit after fans sue the artists over collapsed railings which sent concert-goers tumbling
Looking bootyful! Iggy Azalea flaunts famous curves in faux-leather pants after denying she's surgically-enhanced her derrière
Fans rush to Charlotte Crosby's defence after she's targeted by cruel trolls for displaying her 'bones' in daring bikini selfie during Dubai getaway
Newly-single Lottie Moss makes a low-key appearance in a denim jacket and leggings as she parties with a friend... after confirming split with Alex Mytton
Let's talk! Rebel Wilson gives Liam Hemsworth hand signal to call her on NYC set of new romantic comedy
'I needed the money': John Boyega cringes at awkward reminders of early modeling career on The Tonight Show
Molly McFadden poses with all of her siblings as 'emotional' mum Kerry shares snap ahead of her moving to Ireland... but sister Dylan-Jorge doesn't look happy 
Ansel Elgort is slick and suave in trendy pink checked suit as he cosies up to childhood sweetheart Violetta Komyshan at Baby Driver premiere
'I'm trying to work through issues': Zayn Malik addresses anxiety battle... and reveals he slept on a mattress for SIX months in LA as he 'liked the way it felt'
Fun in the city! Bella Hadid goes braless in white crop top and jeans while fooling around with friends on the streets of New York
How Charles failed Diana, by her closest Palace aide: Former private secretary berates Royal Family for failing to treat her with respect
'It makes me feel sick': Love Island winner Kem Cetinay reveals he'll never forgive himself for betraying Amber Davies... but insists he won't marry her yet
It's official! Scientific research confirms that George Clooney DOES have the world's most handsome face (and Brad Pitt and Bradley Cooper are't far behind)
PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Love Island's Olivia Attwood keeps her distance from beau Chris Hughes... but the pair unite in SLAMMING 'lying' Mike Thalassitis
Love Island's Camilla Thurlow brings new beau Jamie Jewitt home to Scotland to meet her family... as her dream first date to play rounders comes true
'You just belittled me': Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle stands up to TV boss Donna Paulsen on Suits
Alessandra Ambrosio steps out with her father Luis in LA... after he revealed she is a 'blessing' amid his 20-year battle with multiple sclerosis
'No one cares about you': Tinsley Mortimer clashes with Sonja Morgan over gossip column article on RHONY
The Ewoks strike back? Director Ron Howard reveals he is 'happy' Warwick Davis is starring in Han Solo movie
'How can we possibly be victorious against such a beast?' Henry Cavill pokes fun at the furor surrounding his mustache
'No one cares how many squats you do!' MIC's Sam Thompson ruthlessly mocks sister Louise again... as he narrates VERY cheeky video of her derriere 
'I think we may be the new Burton and Taylor': What Angelina told friends as it's revealed she and Brad Pitt are 'consciously re-coupling' after intense rehab and spiritual counselling
'If she was 80, I'd probably still have had sex with her': Katie Price's estranged husband Kieran Hayler reveals all about sordid affair with their children's nanny Nikki Brown
Megan McKenna looks busty as she flaunts her slender legs in TINY white denim shorts... as she promotes new show documenting her quest to become a country music singer
Moore please! Julianne stuns in plunging Valentino gown as she makes a glamorous appearance at 74th annual Venice Film Festival premiere of Suburbicon
George Clooney makes a grand entrance by speedboat with stunning wife Amal clad in plunging lilac gown as he kicks off the 74th Venice Film Festival at Suburbicon premiere
Beach bunny! Miley Cyrus models Playboy top as she strolls with Liam Hemsworth in Malibu after donating $500K to Hurricane Harvey victims
'She hasn't got very long to live': Katie Price reveals devastation after beloved mother Amy is diagnosed with terminal lung illness... days after confirming her marriage is over
Sugababes star Heidi Range looks exquisite in silk sheath gown as she shares stunning snap with beloved husband Alex Partakis to mark one year wedding anniversary
Model on the move! Naomi Campbell embraces summer in seasonal white dress as she touches down in Venice
Hippie chic! Caitlyn Jenner beats the heat in flowing boho inspired blouse for outing in Malibu with gal pal 
'Too many people are neurotic about being thin': TV queen Kirstie Allsopp on how her fussy children and too many bacon sarnies inspired her to write a new family cookbook 
Kick off! Taylor Swift unveils peppy new anthem song Ready For It during college football game...and there's no sign of revenge in the track
The star attraction! Emma Stone playfully steals the limelight at the Telluride Film Festival in Colorado
Michelle Heaton flashes her taut stomach in a cropped jumper as she poses with her sweet children for NOW TV Trolls Beauty Salon party
Amelia Lily puts on a leggy display in semi sheer minidress as she steps out for dinner... after sparking romance rumours following cosy display with CBB housemate Sam Thompson
Cheryl returns to the spotlight as she displays INCREDIBLE post-baby body while greeting fans and posing with bandmate Nicola Roberts at star-studded Game 4 Grenfell charity match
Kelly Brook showcases her incredibly ample assets and voluptuous curves in sizzling underwear shots... after fans accused her of Photoshopping her bikini pics
Amazing Grace battles mother-of-three former chip shop worker to be Cowell's 'new Adele' on The X Factor 
Their BFF! Kristen Stewart and girlfriend Stella Maxwell hit the New York City streets with newly adopted canine Trip
Retail therapy: Selena Gomez is edgy in leather motorcycle jacket as she spends day vintage shopping with The Weeknd... after Instagram scandal
Mel B 'took cocaine in front of her children' as she battled an addiction to drugs and alcohol, ex-Spice Girl's husband claims in explosive court papers 
Hot property! Former Wiggle Sam Moran set to auction off his cosy yellow door Rozelle cottage after paying $955,000 in 2011
Seems like old times! Lisa Rinna goes bra-less in tank top...after revealing she will be BACK as Billie Reed on Days Of Our Lives next year
He's back on the prowl! Scott Disick cuts a casual figure as he steps out with mystery girl at local chili festival
X Factor contestant Kayleigh Taylor sends Twitter fans wild as she flaunts her 'Simon Cowell' lower back tattoo... before giving a surprisingly stunning performance on launch night
SPOILER ALERT: Max Branning attacks Steven Beale as Jane threatens to expose their lies in an explosive row in EastEnders
'It gives me a reason to get up in the morning': X Factor's Frankie Cocozza reveals he turned his back on fame for £7.50 an hour building site job... and blew £200K on booze
Angelina Jolie is wonder in white as she sweetly embraces Sareum Srey Moch while premiering their movie First They Killed My Father at Telluride
'It's not easy being a parent': Simon Baker reveals the secret to being a great father is 'constantly being there'... as actor poses for Stellar shoot
Playing bridesmaid! Taylor Swift is an attentive friend at Abigail Anderson's wedding in Martha's Vineyard after THAT music video made waves
'It's made me reflect on my own experience': Actress Danielle Cormack opens up about her humbling journey to Uganda for charity
Mermaid hair! Blac Chyna debuts new wig at LA airport as she jets off to Atlanta to host yet another party
TOWIE star James 'Arg' Argent steps out sporting bandages and bruising following his £6,500 nose job... as he reveals he hopes to look like Ray Liotta following FOUR stone weight loss
Animal-loving Anais Gallagher rocks red boiler suit and U2 t-shirt as she puts on a lively display with mum Meg Matthews and cute pooches at PupAid fundraiser
Matt Damon puts on an affectionate display with his gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso as the pair attend the Suburbicon screening at the 74th annual Venice Film Festival
Rebecca Hall flashes her incredible legs in thigh-high split dress for star-studded Suburbicon premiere at Venice Film Festival 
Look away, Ashton! Mila Kunis slips on sexy blonde wig to lock lips with co-star Sam Heughan while filming The Spy Who Dumped Me
Doting dad David Beckham clutches onto daughter Harper's hand while followed by sons Romeo and Cruz... as he takes his brood for a family workout
New mum Amal Clooney shows off her sensational post-baby body in dazzling blue gown as she joins husband George for Venice date night... three months after twins' arrival
Keeping Up With Kylie! Ms Jenner shares sizzling Instagram portrait before jetting off with best friend Jordyn Woods
'My boyfriend is younger than him!': Nicole Scherzinger, 39, goes wild for VERY attractive contestant Sam Black, 27... as the drama-filled launch night of X Factor kicks off
Ashley James puts on a VERY busty display in sheer army style top as she cuddles her adorable dog Snoop at PupAid
Nicole Scherzinger reveals cheeky X Factor contestants ask her on dates... as Sharon Osbourne hints at feud between female judges
Olivia Buckland puckers up to Alex Bowen while Gabby Allen shows off her toned figure in a bodycon red dress... as reality stars flock to Creme De La Creme Ball
Never too far from Albert Square! EastEnders star Lacey Turner puffs on a cigarette while her fiancé Matt Kaye picks up a pizza as they enjoy a low-key date night
Roxy Jacenko and husband Oliver Curtis enjoy a pre-Father's day dinner in Sydney... as PR queen denies couple were SNUBBED by Sunrise host David Koch who dined at the same restaurant
She won't be meeting his  kids? Kendall Jenner 'having fun' in LA with Blake Griffin as they enjoy romantic Italian dinner... but soon she's back to NYC
Hair's looking at you! Robert Pattinson shows off buzzcut with a spot of blonde... which looks strikingly similar to ex Kristen Stewart's cropped coif
Zoe Ball cuts a casual figure in a jade leather jacket at Radio 2... after 'finding solace in ex-husband Norman Cook following death of her beau Billy Yates'
Geordie phwoar! Leggy Vicky Pattison sizzles as she slips her eye-popping curves into a plunging hot pink swimsuit in Marbella
Kimberly Garner flashes her taut midriff in tiny crop-top as she cuddles up to adorable pet dog Sasha at star-studded PupAid event 
Now that's an entrance! Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown models futuristic sunglasses and unusual sweatshirt at Brazil airport
'We've had an awfully magical time:' X Factor winners Alex Kinsey and Sierra Deaton of the band Alex & Sierra announce they've split
Understated Rita Ora gives passionate performance at Game 4 Grenfell charity match... following her previous emotional revelation that the tower was her 'childhood haunt'
Taylor Swift shows support to victims of Hurricane Harvey as she donates to Houston Food Bank in honor of mother who attended city's university
'Were we spending night together? Yes, perhaps': Office worker, 29, who 'kissed and hugged' Wayne Rooney is seen in her VW Beetle - as pregnant Coleen flies back home
'She said yes!': Diana Glenn becomes engaged to media identity Adam Zammit... confirming break up with troubled actor Vince Colosimo
How to CopyKate! Nude heels, ballet pumps and a 'click pen' concealer are among royal insider's A-Z of fashion secrets to turn YOU into a princess
Busty Jennifer Lawrence, 27, tries to keep a low profile as she jets into the Venice Film Festival in pretty summer frock with director boyfriend Darren Aronofsky, 48
'I never wanted to split up': Newly-single Katie Price reveals she still loves ex Peter Andre... as their son Junior scolds her for 'showing off her private parts'
'Feeling the heat': Kourtney Kardashian strips down to her sports bra as she poses with sexy roommate Larsa Pippen on a hike in Calabasas
Marco Pierre White Jr flashes his heavily inked chest in open shirt as he puts on affectionate display with girlfriend Francesca Suter 
'With my favourite': Stunning Lucy Mecklenburgh declares her love for boyfriend Ryan Thomas as they attend a lavish wedding together in Lake Como
So in love! Kourtney Kardashian, 38, wraps her arms around beau Younes Bendjima, 24, as they kiss like teenagers at Malibu carnival
GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Robert Peston goes public with his writer girlfriend Charlotte Edwardes - and the couple have even bought a dog together
GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Tetchy Nicole Scherzinger bans guests at the launch of her new perfume for mentioning 'ageing' and 'wrinkles' 
GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Salma Hayek puts her foot in it by showing off her lavish designer shoe collection on Instagram before quickly deleting the post
GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Peter Crouch is called a scally by his WAG Abbey Clancy for his appalling table manners
They look good together! Vince Vaughn poses with Dexter vet Jennifer Carpenter for Brawl In Cell Block 99 event at Venice Film Festival
Broccoli makes her smile! Mila Kunis looks happy after digging into her greens on the Amsterdam set of her new comedy
Bikini-clad Lucy Watson showcases sensational physique in birdseye pool snap while sunning herself in Greek paradise island Mykonos
Busty Joanna Krupa flaunts her sensational legs in split scarlet mini with sexy tailored blazer following TV appearance in her native Poland
Nice jewelry! Chloe Green steps out with glamourous ring on finger...after denying engagement to 'hot felon' Jeremy Meeks
'He's in a good place': Patti Newton says son Matthew has 'never been happier' but refuses to weigh in on rumours he has tied the knot with fiancée Catherine Schneiderman
Light my fire! Kirsten Dunst strips down to her bra to smoke in moody promo for her new film Woodshock
No shirt required! Bella Thorne leaves her top and bra at home to pose in a leopard-print fur coat in latest provocative social media post
Emotional Jane Fonda, 79, dazzles in embellished gown as she embraces Robert Redford, 81, while scooping Lifetime Achievement awards at Venice Film Festival... after admitting she 'lives for' their sex scenes
Kendall Jenner showcases toned torso in green bikini top as she hangs out with NBA star Blake Griffin...for the third day in a row
Katie Price's estranged husband Kieran Hayler takes her daughter Princess to meet heroes Little Mix... as he continues to 'like' her pictures despite bitter split
Melanie Sykes, 47, grabs a caffeine fix while showcasing perfect pins in skin-tight leggings... as she arrives for fill-in spot on Graham Norton's radio show
Forever young! Jada Pinkett, 45, wears leather slacks at airport... after revealing husband Will Smith taught her THAT 'grapefruit' sex move
Beaming Mel B steps out in high spirits as she heads to lawyer's office in LA... amid ex-husband Stephen Belafonte's claims she has 'battled with cocaine and alcohol addiction' in declaration
Naked Cara Delevingne enjoys a very racy romp with her hunky co-star in sizzling sex scene from new movie Tulip Fever
MIC's Stephanie Pratt flaunts her legs in TINY dress as she joins Love Island beau Johnny Mitchell in getting faces painted at beauty bash... after putting on VERY steamy display 
'My show was full tonight': Katie Price lashes out at claims she failed to sell out her Preston show on UK tour... as she shares photo of packed out crowd
'What's wrong with us?' Enraged Leslie Ash, 57, lashes out at TV chiefs as she laments losing work in her Fifties to younger actresses
Taxi for two! Love Island's Danielle Sellers puts on a VERY busty display in sexy bralet as she heads home with stunning co-star Chyna Ellis from London night out
Jamie Redknapp proudly wears his wedding ring as he plays in Grenfell Tower charity football match... as his wife Louise brushes off 'marital woes' with a girls' night out
'Supergirl' series is 'ridiculous' without special effects and gets brutally compared to visually 'stunning' Mad Max movie
Just the girls! Bella Hadid turns heads in sexy frock as she mingles with Taiwanese pop star Jolin Tsai at Bulgari  bash in Beijing
'Sincere apologies': Sir Tom Jones, 77, postpones his US tour until next year on 'medical advice' ... as his fans send him well wishes for speedy recovery
Scantily-clad Jemma Lucy showcases the results of her Brazilian Bum Lift as she flaunts her derriere in a high-cut swimsuit and sultry leather belt
'She is beyond good and evil': Kanye West makes a statement with bold T-shirt slogan... as feud with Taylor Swift continues to escalate
Making them green with envy! Kourtney Kardashian bares her svelte midriff in ripped crop top and sporty emerald sweatpants
Newlyweds Duncan Bannatyne, 68, and his wife Nigora Whitehorn, 37, tuck into their lunch... as they enjoy a romantic arm-in-arm stroll in London
How the other half live! Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez playfully pretend to try yanking wallet from billionaire Warren Buffett... who just turned 87
Mel B battled cocaine and alcohol addiction and agreed to take medication to ensure she would be 'safe' around her kids, bombshell texts reveal 
Daenerys And Gabbana: GOT's Emilia Clarke dazzles in plunging gown as she joins on-screen lover Kit Harington for D&G fragrance campaign... following THAT controversial sex scene
'It was fun!': Javier Bardem says he enjoyed working with Spanish siren wife Penelope Cruz for THIRD TIME as they filmed Pablo Escobar movie
Mel B  steps out with hairdresser Gary Madatyan and her daughter Madison in LA... as 'smitten' star continues her romance with a married police officer
'Hello, Mr Trump!': Matt Damon reveals that Donald Trump's cameo in Home Alone 2 only happened because he DEMANDED a part be written for him if film used his building 
'I lactated onto Richard Chamberlain's bare chest!' Jane Seymour says breastfeeding mishap during The Thorn Birds audition lost her the role and left her so 'devastated' she's never watched the miniseries
It's a girl! Serena Williams give birth to her first child with Reddit co-founder fiance Alexis Ohanian, after her Palm Beach hospital shut down an entire floor to prepare for the baby's arrival
Princess Charlene exudes classic glamour as she joins her husband Prince Albert of Monaco and the royal twins for annual end-of-summer picnic (and the whole country is invited!)
Back together! Josh Peck films his emotional reunion with Drake Bell... after famously leaving him off his wedding guest list
Former TOWIE star Amy Childs flaunts sensational post-baby body FOUR months after giving birth... as she steps out in a thigh-grazing mini dress with daughter Polly at beauty event
'Is that Sinitta?' Lookalike X Factor contestant sends audience wild as she strips down for saucy audition... leaving Simon Cowell agog
'I was born with a certain issue that I have to struggle with': Ryan Phillippe discusses his ongoing battle with depression and reveals he has 'no shame' over the 'taboo' illness
Ink Masters star Chris Blinston arrested for felony domestic battery after 'TWICE choking daughter, 13, causing her to stop breathing for 10 seconds'
'It's important to keep our audience interested': Simon Cowell admits to Strictly rivalry ahead of X Factor launch... after last year's show waltzed ahead with 5MILLION more viewers 
Sienna Miller makes an exit from the Apollo theatre in a trendy neon orange jumper after another spell-binding performance of Cat On A Hot Tin Roof
Strictly star Lisa Riley who shed 12st but still hated her body reveals how she was left with unsightly rolls of loose skin which rubbed red raw 
Hot stuff! Charlize Theron beats the heat as she flashes legs in edgy jean mini skirt and tank top
'I have gained a healthy amount of weight': Gaz Beadle's pregnant girlfriend Emma McVey lashes out at online trolls as she displays her TINY half-way bump
Saturday nights are ready to sparkle! Strictly's Ruth Langsford, 57, oozes glamour in dazzling ballgown as she joins co-stars Mollie King and Alexandra Burke for teaser trailer
Singer Lulu, 68, turns heads as she puts on an animated display while stepping out in London sporting double denim and coral red lipstick 
'It's really important and should be available': Olivia Newton-John speaks for the first time about how 'medical cannabis' is helping her beat breast cancer
Delighted Zendaya celebrates her 21st birthday with Tupac-inspired cake...as she vows to stay sober
That was Swift! Taylor's feisty comeback track Look What You Made Me Do lands singer her first number one in the UK charts in its debut week
Ready for the weekend! Jennie Garth looks effortlessly glam in grey romper and sheer shawl after sweaty LA hike
Taylor Lautner parties with Jason Kennedy's wife Lauren Scruggs... less than two months after split with Carrie Fisher's daughter Lourd
From the running track to the rollercoaster! Mo Farah enjoys a wild ride as he takes overjoyed son Hussein, four, for Legoland day out
EXCLUSIVE: Kimono-clad Victoria Beckham reveals how to achieve her smouldering eyes in make-up tutorial... as she flashes eye-popping bling and faded tattoo
Hey mama! Hilary Duff puts toned figure on display in leggings and tank top as she runs errands in LA
Sending temperatures soaring! Sofia Richie leaves little to the imagination in sheer black top as she covers up in sporty trousers
Sean Stewart rings in 37th birthday with dad Rod and ageless mum Alana, 72... as they are joined by VERY scantily-clad female pals
PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Drunk Charlotte Crosby is seen stumbling in the street... as Stephen Bear embarrasses her by filming her VOMITING out of a taxi 
Fifth Harmony put on show-stopping performance in futuristic hot pants... after THAT VMAs swipe at former bandmate Camila Cabello
Hats off to you! Susan Sarandon, 70, displays her VERY quirky sense of style as she joins leggy Julianne Moore, 56, at Venice Film Festival
Tom Hiddleston looks brooding as he makes his debut as Hamlet for 160 lucky fans in intimate production of the Shakespeare tragedy
Holly Willo-ZOO-by! Presenter hits the safari park as she shares hilarious snap while feeding giraffe... days ahead of This Morning return after break
I'm A Celeb excitement reaches fever pitch as Rebekah Vardy, Ryan Thomas, Calum Best and Megan McKenna are tipped for the jungle
Naked ambition! Kim Kardashian releases brand new products featuring throwback photos...including THAT infamous nude selfie
Colin Firth puts on a glamorous front with his stunning wife Livia at Chopard party... before the pair get soaked as they attend the Franca Sozzani award during the 74th Venice Film Festival
She's the mane attraction! Chloe Grace Moretz gets her tresses touched up after 'confirming' reunion with Brooklyn Beckham
Freaky Friday: Bella Thorne rocks black latex bodysuit to show off her chest and abs before kicking off weekend
Doting dad! Robin Thicke, 40, enjoys walk with son Julian... after announcing he and girlfriend April Love Geary, 22, are expecting child
Ruffling a few feathers! Laura Dern, 50, steals the spotlight in a quirky minidress as she scoops achievement award at the Deauville American Film Festival in France
Eyes Wide Shut actress claims she was shunned by friends and attacked on social media after she took the 'risky' decision to come out as a conservative in Hollywood
Malcolm In The Middle's Frankie Muniz cuts a cool figure holding hands with girlfriend as he is set to compete in Dancing With The Stars
Spreading the love! Beyonce leads the stars and sports world in congratulating Serena Williams and Alexis Ohanian on birth of baby girl
Stunning Laura Dern, 50, showcases her ageless looks in a sophisticated shirt dress as she receives honour at 43rd Deauville US Film Festival
Next stop Hollywood? A Place To Call Home actress Marta Dusseldorp leases her swanky Paddington terrace for $1700 a week after hinting at a possible move to the US
Is it over? Heather Graham and Tommy Alastra 'call it quits after more than a year together'
Family time! Yolanda Hadid cosies up to daughter Gigi during get-together with Zayn Malik and his mother Trisha
'He's a blast and so talented': Director Ron Howard reveals Paul Bettany has joined the cast of the Star Wars Han Solo spinoff movie
Dating All Night! Ella Eyre looks very cosy with a hunky mystery man as they enjoys a romantic hand-in-hand stroll around London
'That was such an embarrassing moment!' Girl's Trip star Jada Pinkett Smith admits she was left red faced after nearly being KILLED by a truck while riding a motorcycle
His biggest fan! Newlywed Kate Mara cuddles up to husband Jamie Bell as she shows her support for him at the Telluride Film Festival
Witness the fitness! Modern Family's Sarah Hyland slips into a tank top and tight leggings as she heads to the gym
'You smell like you have a lot of alcohol on your breath!' Britney Spears calls out drunk fan during Las Vegas concert
From Star Trek to Scotland! Chris Pine dons chain mail armour and rides on horseback as he films Netflix period drama Outlaw King with James Cosmo
'I feel like my life is over': Kendall Jenner is criticized by Kim Kardashian as she breaks her silence over Pepsi ad controversy in KUWTK season 14 sneak peek
Love Island's Tyla Carr flaunts her sensational physique in scanty red bikini as she enjoys fun and frolics of the shores in Mallorca
Time to celebrate! Ashlee Simpson looks stylish in a silk kimono jacket as she toasts third wedding anniversary with Evan Ross
'We're not happy that it's been so timely': Elizabeth Moss compares The Handmaid's Tale to Donald Trump's administration 
'My little Armenian sister did us both proud': Cher celebrates Kim Kardashian's Harper's Bazaar Arabia photo spread inspired by the singer's 70s look
Law And Order: SVU's Stephanie March marries businessman Dan Benton... just two years after split from celeb chef Bobby Flay
Beautiful in black! Selma Blair is summery chic in black midi dress while out and about in LA
Look away Luann! Tom D'Agostino beams while driving with mystery woman...  just WEEKS after divorce filing from RHONY star de Lesseps
PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: New mum Danielle Bux cradles tiny baby Romy to her chest as she enjoys in low-key LA outing with beau Nate Greenwald
Believe half of what you see! Corinne Olympios and DeMario Jackson 'are just friends' in spite of playful kissing scene in LA following Bachelor in Paradise scandal
Throwing caution to the wind? Brazilian bombshell Isabeli Fontana suffers an unfortunate wardrobe malfunction as she poses sultrily in a fuchsia gown at Venice Film Festival
Showing her what she's missing? The Bachelor's Richie Strahan flaunts his back muscles in workout video after ex Alex Nation announces same-sex relationship with Maegan Luxa
'I want her to feel free and not so stressed about her body image': Pretty Little Liars Tammin Sursok reveals plans to spend more time in Australia for her 3-year-old daughter Phoenix  
'I'm a beach girl at heart': Winter Olympic snowboarder Torah Bright says she 'loves the sun on her body' and has an aversion to the cold 
Leggy Kendall Jenner enjoys second consecutive date night with NBA star Blake Griffin amid claims she's 'keeping her options open'
Red-y for fall: Justin Timberlake steps out in a chunky cardigan amid rumors he's set to 'headline 2018 Super Bowl halftime show with Jay-Z'
Blooming beautiful! A casual Jessica Gomes stuns Vogue's Fashion Night Out in form-fitting flared pants and a flirty denim jacket
Last minute cravings? Heavily pregnant Danielle Lloyd takes her son Archie to McDonald's... as she steps out with fiancé Michael O'Neill ahead of her approaching due date
'It's dadda on the telly!' Michelle Bridges son Axel, 1, gets ecstatic after noticing his dad on the TV 
Kate Wright flaunts her ample cleavage and taut stomach in a plunging printed co-ord as she enjoys a relaxing evening on the beach
Newly-engaged Andrea McLean, 47, flaunts her HUGE diamond ring as she cosies up to fiancé Nick Feeney outside ITV studios
She's got specs appeal! Jennifer Lopez wears geek chic glasses as she shows off toned legs in a leopard print mini-dress in NYC with Alex Rodriguez 
She means business! Leggy Reese Witherspoon beats the heat in a cute denim mini and red top as she attends a lunch meeting in LA 
Blade runner Strictly star is a Fred ringer! Paralympian Jonnie Peacock puts on his top hat for our 'Astaire' photoshoot
'Billie is back!' Lisa Rinna confirms she will return to Days Of Our Lives in episodes due to air early 2018
Former Victoria's Secret Angel Karolina Kurkova flaunts her long legs underneath a sheer pink dress as she attends the Franca Sozzani Award during the 74th Venice Film Festival
Ex-Scientologist Leah Remini slams the church for hypocrisy for not forcing pal Jennifer Lopez's father to 'disconnect' from his famous daughter
Mandy Moore gets stitches and black eye after  shower door accident... as This Is Us crew adorably have make-up done for solidarity
Jennifer Garner FINALLY joins Instagram after claiming she 'wasn't interesting enough'... and quickly pulls in more than 100,000 followers
The Price ain't right! Katie brushes off her marriage woes as she kicks off new UK tour in Preston... but plays to empty seats after failing to sell out theatre
He put a ring on it! Bachelor In Paradise couple Derek Peth and Taylor Nolan pack on the PDA as they celebrate their engagement
Usher accuser believes singer is 'hiding his assets so he won't have to shell out $20 million' if he loses herpes case
'He spent the day with James Lock!' Pete Wicks 'did not sleep' with Jemma Lucy on Christmas Day... after she insists they WERE intimate 
'If you were a man or footballer you'd be forgiven': Ex-England star Ian Wright backs Sky Sports presenter Kirsty Gallacher over her drink-drive shame
The hardest working buttons in New York! Kim Kardashian shows off her generous cleavage as she goes braless beneath a straining cropped cardigan
Braless Katie Price puts on VERY busty display in Cardiff... after rescheduling following split from Kieran Hayler and her mother's terminal diagnosis
Bombshell in black! Kendall Jenner wows in glamorous gown  for Daily Front Row's Fashion Media Awards as she's named Fashion Icon Of The Decade
The look of Love Island! Reality stars Jessica Shears, Dom Lever and Mike Thalassitis reveal the secret of their smiles 
No sibling rivalry here! Kaia Gerber rocks white mini dress while joined by brother Presley at Daily Front Row's Fashion Media Awards
Sheer daring! Kourtney Kardashian and Larsa Pippen match in black see-through tops as they film KUWTK in LA
Sister act! Gigi and Bella Hadid strut their stuff  on catwalk in white for Brandon Maxwell show as part of NYFW
'It was just these explosive ideas:' Jennifer Lawrence speaks about her starring role in the mysterious and hotly anticipated new psychological horror film Mother!
What a gent! Scott Disick strolls hand-in-hand with Kris Jenner as they arrive at Daily Front Row Fashion Media Awards
The force is with Troy Bolton! Social media users go gaga over the VERY uncanny resemblance between Zac Efron's High School Musical character and Star War's Luke Skywalker
Keeping up with her curves! Kim Kardashian reveals her underwear in see-through leggings...before changing into low-cut silver gown
'I just want to say I love you': Beyonce is a hometown Houston hero as she speaks at longtime church for victims of Hurricane Harvey
Host with the most...revealing outfit! Ashley Graham puts her curves on display in TINY sheer dress as she emcees the Daily Front Row Awards
Pretty in pink! Selena Gomez dons high-neck shirt dress as she cuddles up to boyfriend The Weeknd for A-list Harper's Bazaar event
'He beat me to within an inch of my life': Gemma Collins claims ex-boyfriend Alex Moss attacked her just ONE DAY before she jetted to Australia for I'm A Celeb
Ruffling some feathers! Bella Thorne oozes old Hollywood glamour in flowy purple tulle gown at Daily Front Row Awards
Double denim diva! Rihanna wears favorite jean jacket and matching denim boots ahead of her Puma collaboration at NYFW
Flower power! Paris Jackson looks lovely in patterned number as she plants kiss on gal pal Caroline D'Amore at  Harper's Bazaar event
'I am fed up of being defined as crazy': Sinead O'Connor gets emotional with Dr. Phil and says the best thing about her abusive mum was her death
Eva Longoria, 42, sizzles as she shows off her toned legs and pert derriere in bodysuit for Haute Living shoot
'My mum's final hours': As he brings a musical version of the TV drama Cilla to the stage, her son Robert Willis recalls the events leading up to her death
White hot! Shay Mitchell and Malin Akerman sizzle in form-fitting jumpsuits at Cushnie Et Ochs NYFW show
Hot mama! Nikki Reed stuns in floral sheer dress  with Ian Somerhalder at event in LA... as she makes first red carpet appearance since giving birth
Fancy seeing you here! Amelia Lily dazzles in stunning silver gown as she reunites with rumoured flame Sam Thompson at Inspirational Awards For Women
A lot of Love (Island)! Olivia Buckland and Alex Bowen enjoy romantic dinner date in matching leather jackets and torn jeans...as they prepare to get married 'on show'
'She said YES!' Jake Quickenden confirms engagement to Danielle Fogarty on his 29th birthday... as she describes his romantic proposal as a 'dream come true'
EXCLUSIVE: Mel B arrives at court alongside her therapist as she faces off with ex-nanny Lorraine Gilles in latest showdown in divorce battle against Stephen Belafonte
'I have filed for a divorce!' Amir Khan confirms split as he questions if estranged wife Faryal is even pregnant after 'hearing about it on social media' 
She's still got it! Sharon Stone, 59, displays her cleavage in plunging scarlet maxi dress as she enjoys an afternoon in Rome
PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bikini-clad Eva Longoria, 42, shows off her curves while getting steamy with husband Jose Baston during fun-filled Greek getaway
Mo bounce! Rapper Iggy Azalea covers her ample bust with nothing but her hands as she goes topless in racy selfies ...and hints she's working on 'top secret stuff'
Kiss from a rose! Bachelor star Sharleen Joynt wears stunning backless gown as she ties the knot with Andy Levine
'If I hadn't come on Loose Women I may still be married!' Kerry Katona admits she was on TV when ex-husband Brian McFadden first met Delta Goodem
Zoë Kravitz shows off her endless pins in a black crushed velvet minidress as she attends the Venice Film Festival screening of Racer And The Jailbird
Gwyneth Paltrow poses TOPLESS in mud to cover Goop's first $15 print edition (in which she gets bee venom injections in her C-section scar)
A novel look! Fearne Cotton teams stripes with striking scarlet trousers as she promotes her FIRST children's book
Top of the league! WAG Rebekah Vardy cuts a stylish figure in figure-hugging backless dress as she and a ravishing Jorgie Porter lead the glamour at Inspiration for Women Awards
Come on Barbie let's go party! Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves shows off his carefully crafted six-pack as he frolics on the beach with thong bikini-clad Life On Marbs star Danni Levy
Poppy Delevingne sparkles in golden robe as she makes a stylish arrival  at New York Fashion Week
'My boys are very sexy': Heidi Klum gushes over the looks of her sons Henry, 11 and Johan, 10, and says they have 'rocking bodies'
Pregnant Coleen Rooney is seen WITHOUT her wedding ring as storm over husband Wayne's drink-drive with another woman grows 
Stacey Solomon puts on a busty display in sweeping floor-length magenta gown as she attends Inspiration Awards in London
Beauty in blue! Today Show host Lisa Wilkinson reveals where her lilac trench coat came from after 'a lot of requests' were made by fans to own it
'Would my body be your wonderland?': Nicki Minaj puts on VERY busty display at Monse fashion show... after flirting with John Mayer on Twitter
Miley Cyrus is left red-faced as she's forced to answer sex questions in front of her gran on Ellen... and reveals Liam is 'like a Concord jet in bed'
'Why is James Nesbitt dancing?' Viewers left baffled over Cold Feet's 'bonkers' musical dream sequence... as series seven starts with Tina GIVING BIRTH to a King Charles Spaniel
Not clowning around! IT SMASHES multiple Thursday night preview records with $13.5 million opening
Margot Robbie is unrecognisable in full make-up as Queen Mary Elizabeth I she takes a break on the set of historical epic Mary Queen of Scots
The lure of the lord! Scott Disick hits the club for a second date with Justin Bieber's ex Audreyana Michelle
Peek-a-boo! Jessica Chastain flashes just a hint of cleavage thanks to sequined split top dress at TIFF premiere of Molly's Game
'Sad to have been airbrushed when you share your life for 10 years!' Denise Welch and Carol McGiffin lash out at Loose Women after show fails to credit them during 18th anniversary episode
Lady Gaga shows off her cleavage in a plunging pink coat and PVC flares as she attends Toronto Film Festival of documentary Five Foot Two
Hair we go! Kourtney Kardashian flicks her long locks as she laughs with friends at birthday party
Flat out: Victoria Beckham shuns her beloved staggering heels in favour of comfy sandals with loose trousers in NYC... after TV tutorial is blasted
'Look at those beautiful eyes!' Kelly Clarkson gushes over Hoda Kotb's 'precious' daughter Haley Joy as she and her three-year-old River meet
Puppy love! Megan McKenna enjoys a playful pub date with Pete Wicks and their pet dogs Daisy and Eric... after her debut single climbs to number one
Mischievous Mia Tindall playfully sticks her tongue out during a VERY animated chat with her adorable pal as she joins Zara and Princess Anne
'This woman. The struggles. The success. The smile. It's all there': Karl Stefanovic shares moving photo meditating with Olivia Newton-John ahead of tell-all interview on breast cancer diagnosis
Rocker Noel Gallagher shares a hug with beloved mother Peggy as he returns to his hometown ahead of We Are Manchester concert
Baby on board! Make-up free Jools Oliver is the mum-on-the-go as she carries her and Jamie's cute one-year-old son River Rocket in a papoose 
No boys allowed! Made In Chelsea girls Georgia Toffolo, Tiffany Watson and Olivia Bentley hit the town in skimpy ensembles for theatrical night out  
Leggy lady! Selena Gomez steps out in mini skirt and leather boots...hours after boyfriend The Weeknd was spotted leaving her NYC apartment
X Factor hopeful gives tearful apology over calling former friend a P*** - but denies she is a racist 
Sun's out, guns out! Chris Pratt shows off his bulging biceps as he heads to the gym in LA... a month after Anna Faris split
Leona Lewis looks in great spirits as she heads to lunch in Beverly Hills in high-waisted statement flares and a tiny white crop top
Model of the moment! Leonardo DiCaprio parties the night away with new girl Lorena Rae
£131m Lewis Hamilton reveals what life is really like at glittering Monaco GP aboard £765k a week yacht with parties, water sports and bikini-clad beauties
Suits her! Kendall Jenner keeps it casual in off-the-shoulder pinstriped jumpsuit for day out in New York
Making a statement! Kendall Jenner turns heads as she poses alongside a Labour Party poster in W Magazine
Catwalk queens! Bella Hadid sashays in stripes while Lily Aldridge closes the show in sheer gown for Jason Wu Spring 2018 at NYFW
'I meannnnn... how cute!' Kim Kardashian gushes over Kanye snuggling North as they prepare for surrogate birth of new daughter
Emily Blunt looks stylish in a colourful patterned midi dress as she poses with fellow English actress Vanessa Kirby at New York Fashion Week
'He just watched it and he just started doin' it': Bobby Brown says HE taught Michael Jackson how to do the iconic moonwalk dance
EXCLUSIVE: How Bette Davis fell apart after learning of her daughter's malicious book claiming she was an alcoholic child-beater
Pregnant Jessica Alba displays baby bump in a tight black midi dress as she joins Heidi Klum at Project Runway NYFW event
EXCLUSIVE: 'Everyone wants to work with me now!' Megan McKenna wows in red dress as sexy barmaid for new music video... as she reveals doors are opening for her
Sheer delight! Hailey Baldwin wears beige see-through top and skinny jeans for late lunch during NYFW
Pregnant Nicky Hilton shows off her baby bump in a cherry-print minidress as she leads the glamour at W's 'It Girl' NYFW luncheon
Maggie Gyllenhaal and Kate Mara look elegant as they lead the turnout at Club Monaco's NYFW presentation 
'Did they break up?' Fans speculate that Perrie and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain have split... as trolls brand her a 'f**king b***h' over his move to Liverpool FC
 Jane Fonda tells what made her fall for her husbands, her regrets as a parent - and why she'll never have a man living in her house again
Has he FINALLY learnt her language? Chris Hemsworth shares hilarious video speaking Spanish... after wife Elsa Pataky claimed he hadn't used her native tongue after SIX years
My haven, Jon Culshaw:  The impressionist, comedian and astronomer, 49, in the dining room of his home in West Lancashire
Mia Tindall holds hands with Zara and Princess Anne at Gatcombe Park before ditching them for an adorable pal (and he has his own royal connections!)
Unlucky-in-love actress Sienna Miller celebrates her one relationship that has lasted with 25th anniversary picture with best friend Tori Cook 
The show must go on... again! Live Aid stage is transported to a muddy field as filming for Freddie Mercury biopic starring gets underway 
Plum princess! Heidi Klum shows off her cleavage and long legs in plunging purple mini-dress at Project Runway's NYFW finale
Busted! Hilary Duff looks glum as she finds parking ticket on her car while out in LA
TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou shows off her sensational physique in scanty gold bikini as she smoulders on Marbella beach  
Salma Hayek wows in form-fitting red pussybow dress as she cosies up to Sienna Miller who wears kooky lilac and gold number to charity event
'I'm so proud!' Kelsey Grammer's daughter Mason struts the catwalk at New York Fashion week... as model mom Camille watches proudly
Margot Robbie looks stylish in stripes as she brings some glamour to Toronto Film Festival ahead of the I, Tonya premiere
What would Lionel say? Sofia Richie struts her stuff in a completely sheer hooded dress on the catwalk at Jeremy Scott's New York Fashion Week show
My lazy, druggie boyfriend refuses to move out

'You couldn't f*** with me if you wanted to': Busty beauty Demi Rose shows off her famous curves as she poses with golden gun in shock snap
Has he been unfaithful? Karl Stefanovic looks 'uncomfortable' hopping into an Audi... after years of being 'gifted' Mercedes Benz cars in return for 'hosting gigs' for the brand
Giddy-up mommy! Uma Thurman gives daughter Luna, five, a piggyback ride through Central Park
Rock-hard Roxy! Sydney PR queen flaunts washboard abs and cleavage in leopard-print crop top and matching tights
That's not LADY-like behaviour! Victoria Hervey and best friend Nikki Lund lark about taking selfies in LA suburbs... before heading to a party
Halle Berry gets a lap dance surprise from co-star Channing Tatum... as she admits actor's whiskey dare made her 'sick for three days'
So that's how she does it! Heather Graham displays slim figure in a tank top as she leaves yoga class
Rocking the rock! Cara Santana shows off sparkling engagement ring from Jesse Metcalfe as she hits New York Fashion Week
From perky to plunging! Braless Suki Waterhouse exudes off-duty model cool in a cropped T-shirt... before changing into VERY risqué open shirt in NYC
Janet Jackson, 51, shows off her incredible post-baby figure in chic Nineties-style outfits as she's seen performing in concert for the first time since giving birth 
Plaid's the way to do it! Irina Shayk shows off her toned legs in a checked shirt dress as she dotes over baby Lea while out with friends in NYC 
Fighting Jaws was a doddle compared to mastering a self-service checkout! Roger Moore's last memoir revealed how modern life left him shaken and stirred
Fancy seeing you here! Karolina Kurkova bumps into Antonio Banderas and girlfriend Nicole Kimpel during a family dinner date in Rome
Justin Bieber's braless ex Chantel Jeffries puts on an eye-popping display as she flashes a mass of underboob in crop top at NYFW show
'I told her not to do it': Nadine Coyle reveals she warned Sarah Harding not to take part in Celebrity Big Brother... after rushing to singer's defence
Kristen Stewart holds hands with girlfriend Stella Maxwell as they share a bottle of wine over dinner
Game of clones! Sophie Turner and Joe Jonas steal each other's style in sporty outfits as they step out with cute pet pooch in NYC 
Yummy mummy! Activewear-clad Laura Csortan shows off her enviable post-baby body  as she enjoys a bite to eat on the go in Bondi with nine-month-old daughter Layla Rose
The mane attraction! Models make a serious style statement as they strut their stuff in colorful cotton candy-like wigs and giant bows at NYFW
EXCLUSIVE: Bombshell video of Stephen Belafonte having sex with another woman - shot by Mel B - will be submitted as evidence in divorce
That's a little McNaught-y! Heavily pregnant Erin shows off her cheeky side 'flipping the bird' as she prepares to give birth to her second son
Perky Rihanna leaves NOTHING to the imagination as she goes braless in a sheer crop top before grappling with her racy sandals at NYFW launch
Reese Witherspoon risks ruining stunning fuchsia mini as she has popcorn poured over her head in hilarious Tonight Show skit
Back to black! Lady Gaga ditches her usual zany attire for low-key ensemble as she reveals she's taking a break from music at Toronto Film Festival
Talk about fast fashion! Vogue editrix Anna Wintour is seen 'sprinting' out of Tom Ford's NYFW show to watch pal Roger Federer lose at the US Open
Stephanie Davis flaunts her ample cleavage by going TOPLESS under a bathrobe... after cruel trolls jibe her for spelling her son's name wrong
Ellen Page and girlfriend Emma Portner stroll arm in arm... after revealing filming lesbian romance with best friend Kate Mara was 'intense'
TOWIE's Chloe Meadows introduces new beau Taylor Barnett to screens as she films PDA-packed tennis match with fellow loved-up pair Amber and Chris
Braless Amanda Holden, 46, strips down to just a white shirt as she offers fans a sizzling glimpse into her pre-party routine in steamy snaps
Italian actress Giglia Marra accidentally flashes her underwear with VERY revealing thigh split dress as she attends Venice Film Festival premiere
'He didn't need a society type': Irish presenter reveals why his 'old friend' Meghan Markle is the perfect match for 'rock and roll' Prince Harry
The wait is over! As Rihanna officially drops her make-up line, Fenty Beauty, FEMAIL details everything you need to know about the sure-to-sell-out range
Armie Hammer-starring film that is expected to be a major contender at the Oscars features a character who masturbates into a peach
New mom Behati Prinsloo admits she works out as little as ONCE a week 'if I'm really being lazy' as she gets set to return to the Victoria's Secret Show
Outrage as Jennifer Lawrence claims Hurricane Harvey and Irma are Mother Nature's revenge on Trump for his attitude towards global warming 
Who goes? Johnny, Jane, Abi and Steven are among seven major characters who could be killed off tonight after a fire, a shooting, and a crash in EastEnders
Ireland Baldwin flashes her cleavage in sexy bodysuit as she joins Christie Brinkley's daughter Sailor for wild night out... after models moved in together
She's glowing! Olivia Newton-John makes her first red carpet appearance since second breast cancer diagnosis as she attends fundraiser
Pascal Craymer, 30, looks glum at the gym in neon crop top... just days after love interest Nick Knowles, 54, was spotted with a stunning mystery brunette
Megan Fox looks showstopping in a feathered semi-sheer gown as she storms the catwalk at the Fashion Fest AW17 show in Mexico
Braless Tallia Storm flashes her lingerie in perilously slashed sheer gown as she steps out of private jet for VERY racy music video
'He's not harming anyone': Brian Austin Green says he and wife Megan Fox have no problem with son Noah, four, wanting to wear dresses
'It's almost gone now!': Charlotte Crosby reveals the tattoo she had dedicated to her ex boyfriend has nearly disappeared after laser removal
Katie Holmes pulls a variety of animated expressions as she takes in the US Open tennis... four days after publicly confirming romance with Jamie
Ola Jordan goes topless as husband James rubs in sun lotion during romantic Skiathos getaway... while displaying relaxed post-Strictly figure
Jean genie! Youthful Davina McCall, 49, turns back the clock as she channels pop group B*witched in 90's-style double denim
Yves Saint Laurent's partner Pierre Bergé, who helped set up the fashion label and tirelessly campaigned for gay rights, dies aged 86
Gymnast Gabby Douglas reveals how the 'embarrassment' of falling SEVEN times in 2011 national championships spurred her to win Olympic gold
Girls' night! Christina Milian shows off her ample cleavage in a plunging blue silk dress as she and busty BFF Karrueche Tran leave a birthday dinner
Kendall Jenner puts on a busty display in barely-there mini-dress with low neckline as she joins leggy Bella Hadid for book launch
Curves ahead! Kim Kardashian flashes her incredible abs and ample assets in a sizzling slashed LBD for book party during NYFW
EXCLUSIVE: Who's the brunette, Amir? Boxing hero Khan forgets marriage troubles as he parties in Dubai with his hand on mystery woman's bottom
'Some real regrets': James Packer pledges to have a 'quiet' 50th birthday bash in Argentina, free from 'diva pop star girlfriends and gleaming super yachts'
What a find! Heidi Klum larks about in supermarket trolley as she takes the plunge in electric blue powersuit for the debut of her new line at NYFW
She's a work of art! Queen Mathilde of Belgium dazzles in shades of pink on a whirlwind visit to Italy to take in the Venice Biennale
Bootylicious Iggy Azalea shows off her peachy behind in figure-hugging white jeans at JFK airport... two months after denying bum implants
Fancy seeing you here! Gigi Hadid delightedly greets sister Bella at star-studded fashion bash as she flashes a peek of bra in chic pyjama suit
Not in such Top Gear: Wide-eyed Richard Hammond appears worse for wear following very animated night out at the RSPCA Animal Hero Awards
Bella Thorne flashes her bra and toned legs in plunging semi-sheer bodysuit and leather leggings as she struts into Rihanna's party in New York City
Bikini-clad Imogen Thomas oozes body confidence in yellow two-piece as she larks around with daughters in the sun... just weeks after breast reduction 
Braless Suki Waterhouse exudes off-duty model cool in a cropped T-shirt and chic Seventies-style flares as she steps out in New York
The torch has been passed on! Cindy Crawford's daughter Kaia Gerber, 16, makes her NYFW debut as she walks the runway for Calvin Klein
Elle Macpherson's billionaire husband 'plans to do a Jagger and deny that they were ever legally married' following their split 
'I'm confident, dynamic and memorable': $450m Cristiano Ronaldo promotes new aftershave with VERY animated snaps in Madrid
Changing the subject? Katie Holmes shines in FOUR different outfits during busy day in New York... after going public with Jamie Foxx
Not loving life in the fast lane? Dawn French looks glum as she's slapped with a parking ticket while shopping with friends
Rihanna says if she could time travel she would go back to '10 minutes before I lost my virginity' as she poses in plunging top for Elle cover
Not your average delivery guy! Geordie Shore's Gaz Beadle surprises unsuspecting fans by dropping off a special Geordie Shore-themed burger
Oh no, Fergie! Duchess flashes her underwear in an unfortunate wardrobe malfunction as she attends a charity party with Susan Sarandon
EXCLUSIVE: Cheryl puts plans in motion to build multi-million extension which will DOUBLE the size of her and boyfriend Liam Payne's mansion
'I threw up watching Paranormal Activity!' Love Island's Chris Hughes reveals he's 'completely petrified' as he prepares to enter a haunted house LIVE
Carol Vorderman, 56, highlights her hourglass figure in navy jumpsuit while Lizzie Cundy, 47, leaves little to the imagination in cut-out dress at book launch
Liv-ing it up: Miss Tyler flashes a hint of her purple bra under her sexy polka dot dress as she parties with fiancé Dave Gardner and Kate Moss
'Working out with mama!' Fitness lover Elsa Pataky films her adorable five-year-old daughter India-Rose pumping iron on home gym equipment
Pretty (hot) in pink! Liverpool FC striker Danny Ings's blonde bombshell girlfriend Georgia Mae Gibbs flaunts her cleavage in a tiny bikini in shoot
Paloma Faith displays her slim figure in eccentric ensemble with socks and shoes... after revealing she could not walk for TWO MONTHS after 20-hour childbirth
Hilary Duff looks radiant as she shows off her charitable side by helping to raise funds for low-income families at Baby2Baby event
'They squash your boobs': Dame Joan Collins, 84, reveals her disgust for nude love scenes... and why she's thrilled she never moved to Trump Towers
'His mum taught him to cook? I was married to her, she couldn't boil a bloody egg!' Bake Off star Steven Carter-Bailey's father wades into 'professional' row
Holy Moly! VS Angels Candice Swanepoel, Adriana Lima and Lily Aldridge flaunt their lingerie model figures in skimpy outfits at NYFW book launch
Thigh's the limit! Rihanna shows off her killer figure in kinky boots and strapless dress at Times Square launch of her Fenty Beauty line
'I had no idea you were so bendy!' Kate Garraway teases red-faced Freddie Flintoff as she snoops through his photos after he left his phone behind on GMB
Dip it (Har)low! Winnie puts on a VERY leggy display in just an oversized white t-shirt as she cuts shapes during New York Fashion Week
'Is this baby ever going to make an appearance?' Pregnant Danielle Lloyd grows impatient for her child's arrival as she cradles her HUGE bump
Robert Pattinson embraces 'gender fluid' dressing in skin-tight orange turtle neck and neon pink trousers as he reveals how he went undercover for his film
Pregnant Danniella Westbrook slips her baby bump into pretty pink bardot frock as she embarks on a pampering day in Spain
Natalie Dormer flashes underboob in semi-sheer dress on The Jonathan Ross Show as she reveals GOT bosses gave her a YEAR to prepare being killed off
Madonna's 'obsessed fan expecting huge payout from NYC as he takes them to court over arrest injury'... and 'plans to donate $1m to hurricane victims'
Pregnant Ferne McCann reveals how she overcame her body insecurities as she attends the Animal Hero Awards 2017 with MIC's Stephanie Pratt
Jennifer Lawrence showcases her sensational figure in strapless ruffled gown as she leads the style at the Paris premiere of Mother!
She's at it again! Party girl Kate Moss looks worse for wear as she makes a leggy exit from car in a velvet Bardot mini dress arriving at exclusive members club
Trying to steal Rihanna's thunder? Model Duckie Thot flaunts her sideboob in high cut leotard and dons raunchy thigh high boots for Fenty launch
 Khloe Kardashian shows off toned figure in BTS shots of Good American shoot... after revealing she turned to alcohol amid split from Lamar Odom
Sofia Richie, 19, and Scott Disick, 34, continue their close friendship as they cosy up on the front row to see LeBron James model at NYFW
Blooming beautiful! Pregnant actress Rose Byrne flaunts burgeoning baby bump in floral summer frock during New York outing with son Rocco
Stephanie Davis has 'hit the roof' as ex Jeremy McConnell cosies up to rumoured new flame Mandi Flood in an array of gushy Instagram posts
Billionaire James Packer hits 50 with no Mariah and two ex-wives - but at least his mum and sister join him for quiet celebration at his luxurious polo ranch
Monochrome monarch! Queen Letizia of Spain is glamorous in a black and white midi-dress as she addresses oncologists in Madrid 
Cool intentions: Selma slips into chic striped blouse with loose-fitting jeans as she displays her typically trendy style during Beverly Hills outing
Suited and booted! Princess Marie of Denmark swaps her tiara for full military uniform on a visit to a chemical lab in Copenhagen
'Now it's time for me to live my life' Jay-Z's mum Gloria Carter reveals she reduced the rapper to tears when she came out as a lesbian
Back to school! Jennifer Lopez shares adorable snap of her twins Max and Emme in uniform before first day of fourth grade
Celebs Go Dating star Charlotte Dawson flaunts her peachy posterior and long legs in ruffled red swimsuit as she poses for sizzling shoot in Tenerife
Endless summer! Pierce Brosnan and wife Keely Shaye Smith show off tans while grabbing sushi in Beverly Hills
Jeremy McConnell deletes nearly all photos of son Caben-Albi from his Instagram account... as Stephanie Davis sparks concern with 'painfully thin' frame
'I chose cocaine over my kids': Disgraced X-Factor singer admits her drug addiction left her unable to take her kids to school and led to  £15,000 debts
X Factor contestant tells judges he works in a B&B but actually has a record deal, has released an EP and a music video, and is pals with James Arthur
Pixie Lott kicks off benefit concert at Manchester Arena as thousands of fans gather to pay tribute to 22 killed by suicide bomber 
'We'll miss you!' Tess Daly breaks down in tears as Strictly Come Dancing stars pay tribute to late host Sir Bruce Forsyth in touching series launch
Yacht a youthful figure! Make-up free Eva Longoria, 42, displays her curves in halterneck bikini as she enjoys Greek getaway with husband José Bastón
That's a Lottie difference! Make-up free Moss's Cinderella transformation into leggy supermodel as she sports TINY minidress for shoot
Slender Charlotte Crosby reveals her lithe physique in thigh-grazing dress as she steps out at plus-size fashion festival
Sharon Osbourne and Nicole Scherzinger have a shock reunion with someone from their past as The X Factor's second weekend of auditions kicks off
Feeling Syked! Melanie, 47, shows off her sizzling hourglass figure in cold shoulder seasonal dress as she makes an appearance outside BBC studios
'You make Jedward sound like Simon and Garfunkel!' Louis Walsh SLAMS Justin Bieber lookalikes on X Factor... but Simon Cowell accidentally says they've got four yeses
Kim Kardashian remains coy over surrogacy reports... as it's claimed surrogate is African-American married college graduate in her Twenties
Denim darling! Kendall Jenner rocks quirky buttoned jacket and checked trousers as she steps out during New York Fashion Week
Brooklyn Beckham hails a cab with a mystery pal... as his ex-flame Madison Beer attends the SAME party and is left looking far from impressed
EXCLUSIVE: 'Aston and I are both terrified!': Mollie King admits that she and Merrygold have 'expectations' to live up to from their pop star pasts as they prepare for new Strictly series
'He asked for a face-to-face': Kanye West 'reaches out to Jay Z to hash out beef' as it's claimed rappers are close to ending feud
Christina Aguilera cannot resist fiance Matthew Rutler as they lock lips on romantic river cruise during PDA-packed Venice holiday 
Tastes good! Pregnant Danniella Westbrook sensually feeds her fiance Alan Thompson an ice cream cone and packs on the PDA as they take stroll in Spain
Age-defying Nicole Kidman, 50, wows in off-the-shoulder black dress as she puts on affectionate display with husband Keith Urban at the Toronto International Film Festival
Victoria's Secret model Adriana Lima sets pulses racing as she teases a look at her assets (and her lengthy pins) in a daringly low-cut dress at NYFW bash
Low-key chic! Mom-of-two Natalie Portman teams black blouse with linen pants as she strolls with a pal in Los Angeles
Braless Lourdes Leon teases at her cleavage in silk yellow dress as she sits on the front row of Jeremy Scott's star-studded show during NYFW
Like mother, like daughters! Lisa Rinna, 54, goes braless in sizzling PVC dress as she joins glam model children at Harper's Bazaar party
From Disney to The Dark Knight! Sabrina Carpenter sheds her fresh-faced image as she opts for VERY dramatic Joker style make-up at NYFW bash
Thrice Girl! Victoria Beckham steps out in near identical outfits THREE days in a row during NYFW... as she trades glam gowns for shapeless trouser and tee combos
Sultry Vicky Pattison slips into a VERY plunging leopard print frock as she puts on a smitten display with fiancé John Noble following health retreat
Stephanie Davis sparks concern among fans as she displays 'painfully thin' frame... while others jump to 'beautiful' star's defence in social media storm 
How low can you go? Karlie Kloss shows off extreme cleavage in plunging gown at Harper's Bazaar ICONS bash 
Rocker mum! Pregnant Jessica Alba showcases her blooming baby figure in studded biker jacket and giant safety pin earrings
A helping hand! Glam Sofia Richie is lead down the stairs by a dapper pal as she makes her way out of a NYFW party
'The more they talk about it, the fatter I get': Gemma Collins flaunts her curves in chic mini at plus-size fashion bash... after admitting to being 'the biggest she's ever been' due to fame 
Transgender model Andreja Pejic goes braless under her black satin blazer as she makes a bold arrival at Daily Front Row's Fashion Media Awards
'It still blows my mind!' Dave Grohl reveals Sir Paul McCartney organised his surgery after the Foo Fighters singer broke his leg from falling off stage in Sweden
'And it's a.....' : Pregnant Mindy Kaling showcases her baby bump at PaleyFest as co-stars reveal the gender of her unborn child
Paloma Faith dazzles in a tailored two-piece suit and £565 golden Gucci heels... as she makes a return to music after giving birth nine months ago
'People will buy it and then they won't buy another one': Sharon Osbourne slams past X Factor winners who have not seen their success last
Mommy and me! Charlize Theron is casual chic in black tank and jeans as she picks up daughter August from preschool
The morning after! Casually clad Selena Gomez exits her apartment with wet locks ...after glamming up with beau The Weeknd for NYFW bash
'13 year old me. Wannabe popstar': Katy Perry shares incredible throwback snap to her teenage years aspiring to be a singer
Rekindling the flame? Leonardo DiCaprio holds hands with ex-girlfriend Toni Garrn after 'ditching' love interest Lorena Rae at NYC club
Brooklyn Beckham takes time out of his studies to attend yet ANOTHER exclusive NYFW event... as he makes an appearance at the Harper's Bazaar ICONS party
'I've been single for ages... it would be a blessing!' Gemma Atkinson reveals she's hoping to find love on Strictly Come Dancing as she counts down to anticipated debut
Pregnant Louise Roe sweetly cradles her blossoming baby bump as she steals a kiss from husband Mackenzie Hunkin while dazzling at Harper's Bazaar bash in New York
Nicki Minaj commands attention while channelling Barbie in a show-stopping glittering gown as she attends NYFW Harper's Bazaar bash
'I felt I did not deserve it': Julie Andrews reveals she kept her Oscar in the ATTIC because she thought it was awarded to her out of pity
'I cancelled everything': Grieving Alexandra Burke shares the advice late mother gave her... as she puts a hold on her album to focus on Strictly
Suki Waterhouse leaves NOTHING to the imagination as she bares her lingerie beneath racy slashed gown at star-studded NYFW bash
Vanessa Hudgens flashes her abs in daring cut-out dress paired with quirky basketball-inspired bomber as she cosies up to beau Austin Butler at Jeremy Scott show
That was fast! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi returns to Instagram with a racy bikini snap... just three days after announcing her week-long social media ban
Make-up free Naomi Watts, 48, wows in casual ensemble as she steps out in New York City with two cute rescue puppies adopted by her ex-partner Liev Schreiber
Braless Natasha Poly risks baring all as she slips into a sizzling bustier-topped gown at the star-studded Harper's Bazaar ICONS bash
Kate Beckinsale looks typically stylish as she dons a dark floral trouser co-ord and heels to arrive at LAX airport
Kristen Bell hailed a hero by her Frozen co-star who voices Olaf after she saved his whole family from the path of Irma in Florida
Wearing her heart on her shoulder! Margot Robbie dons a quirky handbag as she attends Toronto International Film Festival
'It is a really heightened situation': Actress Adrienne Pickering to play a woman desperate to fall pregnant in upcoming web series All Our Eggs
Rio Ferdinand makes rare red carpet appearance as he scoops top prize at Inspiration Awards... but girlfriend Kate Wright remains at home just weeks after making romance public
'I want to punch him': Richard Hammond 'seething after run-in with long-term nemesis Steve Coogan at GQ Men of the Year Awards'
Forget something? Male Model Of The Year recipient Jordan Barrett attends New York's Daily Front Row Fashion Awards without a shirt and socks
Rita Ora showcases her endless legs in funky green flares as she channels a Seventies rock chick for low-key Beverly Hills dinner
Orange you glad she's back? Imogen Anthony puts on a colourful display as she touches down in Sydney after rowdy Burning Man jaunt
Pregnant April Love Geary, 22, looks leggy in tiny mini dress and showcases the beginnings of her blossoming bump as she kisses Robin Thicke, 40, before dining at exclusive restaurant
What a gem! Gigi Hadid flaunts fab figure in see-through dress with large jewels all over it for Jeremy Scott show at NYFW
Two peas in a pod! Jordan Barrett cosies up to fellow glamazon Bella Thorne after being named Male Model of the Year at the Daily Front Row's Fashion Media Awards 
Busty Ciara flaunts her ample cleavage and endless legs in a glittering purple thigh slit gown as she attends the Harpar's Bazaar ICONS party for NYFW
What a relief! Janet Jackson visits Houston hurricane evacuees...as it's revealed that lawsuit filed against her for cancelled gigs has been settled
From humble Hugh Jackman to the iconic Kerri-Anne Kennerley: Australian survey names the nation's most trusted celebrities
Keeping a low profile? Leonardo DiCaprio attends U.S. Open under baseball cap after night out  with model Lorena Rae
Braless Hailey Baldwin teases at her cleavage in extremely plunging gold bodycon dress as she attends Harper's Bazaar ICONS party for NYFW
Taking notes from Kim! Kendall Jenner puts her underwear on display in sheer gown for Harper's Bazaar event
Showing her spots! Kate Bosworth leads the star-studded Jason Wu NYFW dinner in a green leopard print dress
Flower child! Margot Robbie stuns on the red carpet in retro floral blue gown with sheer sleeves at the premiere of her new film I, Tonya
Golden girl! Bella Hadid shows off her toned tummy in gilded three-piece suit for NYFW appearance at Max Mara
'What she did took courage:' Brett Hunter reveals he bares no hard feelings toward ex-fiance Brynne Edelsten after she was seen kissing 25-year-old blonde beauty Coby Boatman
'It's an amazing feeling': Joseph Duggar marries Kendra Caldwell in romantic Arkansas wedding
'She started saying that she stole him off me, which is bullsh*t!' The Bachelorette Sophie Monk takes a swipe at Paris Hilton as she reveals the struggles of finding love in Hollywood
'I was always feeling so down': Australian Survivor star Anneliese Wilson reveals she suffered from depression during the reality show
Reality romance? MAFS star Nick Furphy and The Bachelor's Steph Dixon put on an amorous display at Fashion + Aid event in Melbourne
Poppy Delevingne shuns ballgowns in favour of ab-flashing trouser co-ord complete with embellished kimono as she attends the Harper's Bazaar ICONS party during NYFW
She's not shy! MAFS' Cheryl Maitland puts on an eye-popping display in a VERY daring dress with strategically-placed applique 
'I'm ready for zombies, Kim Jong-un and the second season of RHOS!' Lisa Oldfield CONFIRMS her return to Housewives franchise by sharing her doomsday prepper kit
Would you swipe right for this method? MKR's Court and Duncan Hall-Eastey reveal they named newborn Isla by using an app inspired by TINDER 
Mates date! The Bachelor stars Florence Alexander and Cobie Frost head to Bondi Beach for a recovery session after catching up for cocktails with Laura Byrne the night before
'I am perfectly imperfect' Bikini-clad Stacey Solomon proudly flaunts her 'normal' figure on family holiday to give her fans 'realistic motivation'
'Posing for my husband': Emily Ratajkowski shares naked photos from her luxury honeymoon in Utah 
Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her slimmed-down figure in a sheer bodysuit as she joins Stephanie Davis and Olvia Attwood at star-studded magazine bash
Ant McPartlin 'gave Declan Donnelly his blessing' to host final SNT shows ALONE amid claims Dec has been left in a 'bad way' by pal's drink-drive 
 Why is he such a man child?' The Mummy Diaries fans BLAST Paul Knightley as he throws a tantrum when Sam Faiers makes him under-cooked cheese on toast
'My life turned upside down': Emotional Christine McGuinness recalls finding out her twins, four, had autism... after getting 'back on track' with Paddy
Bella Thorne ditches her trousers as she emerges wearing ANOTHER skimpy outfit and heels despite freezing conditions in New York
'She would be PERFECT': Fans call on Scarlett Moffatt to co-host Saturday Night Takeaway with Declan Donnelly... as Ant McPartlin goes to rehab
'I just didn't love her': Married At First Sight's Ben Jardine reveals he KISSED another woman behind wife Stephanie's back
'It would be interesting to see how they're doing behind closed doors': Amir Khan and wife Faryal Makhdoom 'in talks for their own fly-on-the-wall series' 
Ant McPartlin sets off for rehab after he is charged with drink-driving as Declan Donnelly prepares to host Saturday Night Takeaway ALONE 
For sale! Pregnant Eva Longoria 'puts luxurious six bedroom nine bathroom Hollywood Hills mansion on the market for $3.8 million'
EastEnders: Shane Richie 'WILL return to Albert Square' after two year hiatus... as 'Alfie Moon is set to reunite with Kat Slater and shake up Walford'
 'It should be all about what I want!' Billie Faiers goes 'bridezilla' on fiancé Greg as she turns her nose up at wedding venues on The Mummy Diaries
WAG do we have here? Cheeky Rebekah Vardy LICKS her close pal Nicola McLean as they put on an animated display at magazine party
Pregnant Vogue Williams flaunts her blossoming baby bump in a white crop top and dusty pink flares as she attends OK! magazine bash
Centre (court) of attention! Hunky Roger Federer sheds his tennis whites as he goes shirtless on the beach during idyllic family break in Miami
'One minute we're getting married, the next it's over': Liam Payne finally admits things AREN'T 'fine and dandy' with Cheryl
Can't rain on their parade! Kris Jenner and Scott Disick bundle up in style as they face storm to film Keeping Up With The Kardashians
PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Timeless beauty Elle Macpherson, 53, flaunts her toned figure in a sexy black swimsuit while on sunny vacation in Sydney
'This is why kids kill themselves': Amber Rose unloads epic clapback rant on trolls who shamed her five-year-old son for liking Taylor Swift
She's just like the rest of us! Selena Gomez does yoga and catches up on her favourite reality TV shows before getting some beauty sleep 
'All of a sudden you're f****** enraged': Krysten Ritter says Me Too movement led her to re-evaluate past experiences she had 'shoved under the rug'
Sarah Harding puts on a VERY animated display as she grapples with her assets in a daring low-cut dress while cutting loose at magazine bash
Busty Georgia Kousoulou shows off her surgically enhanced nose as she joins fellow TOWIE stars Amber Turner and Danielle Armstrong at party
She's got that glow! Pregnant Tia Mowry covers growing baby bump in sophisticated black sweater and skirt combo as she steps out to lunch
Paloma Faith makes a statement in a geometric print jumpsuit as she puts on another eye-catching display onstage in Birmingham
Makeup-free Katie Price shows off her incredibly svelte physique in an ab-baring crop top and skinny jeans
'She's not a blow up doll!' TOWIE's Jon Clark SLAMS exes Lauren Pope and Chloe Crowhurst by comparing them to new girlfriend Daisy Higgs
Ozzy Osbourne, 69, sues AEG for 'forcing' him to play Staples Center in Los Angeles on his No More Tours 2 world tour
Lily Allen flashes her bra in a sheer leopard print top as she returns to the stage... after announcing her first album in FOUR years
Meet Harvey Kinkle! Ross Lynch strolls in Vancouver... before filming Netflix's Sabrina the Teenage Witch reboot
Emma McVey flaunts her incredibly taut midriff just TWO months after giving birth to son with Gaz Beadle... as he prepares to ring in first birthday as a dad
Melanie Sykes, 47, puts on a busty display in an embroidered gown as she poses up a storm with Lisa Snowdon at beauty bash
'Back on set!' Pregnant Eva Longoria shares behind-the-scenes snaps in Miami as she produces soap drama
Trophy wife! Sofia Vergara shows off hourglass figure in strapless red top as she poses next to Stanley Cup with husband Joe Manganiello
'So fake it's hilarious': Britney Spears is slammed for looking heavily airbrushed in new Kenzo advertisements
Millie Mackintosh stuns in a polka dot skirt as she joins Laura Whitmore at  bash... after fans accused ex Pro Green of mocking her fashion line closure
Youthful Monica Bellucci, 53, stuns in a low-cut black dress as she joins stylish Diane Keaton, 72, at awards ceremony in Rome
Bella Hadid exudes glamour as she flashes a glimpse of her sideboob in a plunging ruffled black dress for Dior bash in Shanghai
Sadie Frost says she's starting to feel 'invisible and irrelevant at 52' and laments the rise of cosmetic surgery among celebrities her age
He's bringing freezing back! Health conscious couple Justin Timberlake and wife Jessica Biel 'make frequent trips' to cryotherapy center
Alessandra Ambrosio channels her inner Maverick in Top Gun-style jumpsuit and aviator sunglasses after 'split from fiance' Jamie Mazur
She's not gonna Shake It Off! Taylor Swift asks court to make songwriters who lost copyright suit against her to cough up $72K for her bill
Pregnant Vogue Williams slips into a sports bra and vibrant leggings as she talks followers through her maternity workout at the gym
Glamorous Imogen Thomas and Lizzie Cundy flaunt their toned frames as they join a bevy of bikini-clad beauties at swimwear launch  
'Snow days off!' Karlie Kloss shows impressive strength as she embarks on grueling workout during East Coast blizzard
'He's thriving and well!' Hilary Swank talks taking three year hiatus from acting to take care of her dad after lung transplant
He's her huggy Mike! Thalassitis cradles bikini-clad Megan McKenna's pert posterior as the pair put on a VERY affectionate display in Barbados
A portrait of pregnancy: Khloe Kardashian shares glamorous naked bump shot while modeling lace lingerie... as she's due in just TWO WEEKS
'It hasn't been easy': TOWIE's Chloe Meadows splits from boyfriend Taylor Barnett... as he's 'AXED' from new series
Rose McGowan goes to court in the snow but her felony cocaine possession hearing is postponed due to the DC weather
Breakfast with Grandpa! Natalie Portman brings her dad along on early morning outing with daughter Amalia 
Saara Aalto prepares to represent Finland in upcoming Eurovision as she swaps tips with UK entrant SuRie... after admitting she's 'proud to be a lesbian'
'Healing well': Caitlyn Jenner, 68, gives  update on how her nose is doing after surgery to remove sun damage... while adding her hair looks 'great'
'It's emotional and exciting!': Jennifer Lopez, 48, models new disco curls as she leans on Derek Hough for season two of World Of Dance
'I'll miss him every day': Ricki Lake honors ex-husband who committed suicide as she unveils new documentary Weed the People
The Great British Book Off! Duchess of Cornwall rubs shoulders with Prue Leith as she joins the literary set for glittering reception in London
'Last day, last slay': Demi Moore's daughter Scout Willis flashes her underarm hair as she poses in bikini while vacation winds down
Kate channels Queen in vivid outfit - as she attends a mental health symposium for her penultimate engagement before maternity leave
'So sad!': Demi Lovato is forced to cancel New Jersey concert while Justin Timberlake won't be able to perform in NYC because of snow
'She is using it as a stage prop': Camila Cabello is called out for BIZARRE performance where she fakes playing guitar... but fans come to her defense
What a brunette bombshell! Glee vet Lea Michele shows off her toned figure in black bikini as she enjoys Hawaiian vacation
Danny Dyer's daughter Dani displays her peachy posterior in sizzling yellow bikini as she hits the beach after premature exit from Survival Of The Fittest
Red hot! Vanderpump Rules' Scheana Marie sizzles in push-up bra as she shares racy lingerie snaps to Snapchat
'Does this look like me?': Elizabeth Olsen calls out Empire Magazine for 'Photoshopping' her face on Avengers: Infinity War cover
This blizzard's snow joke! Bella Thorne gets caught up in storm while wearing peep-toe platforms and sheer corset as she promotes film in New York 
Jeff Brazier shows off his muscular physique in NAKED bathroom snap... as he prepares to strip off in The Full Monty
'I had body dysmorphia': Plus-size model Iskra Lawrence admits STARVING herself after being called 'too big' at 16 led to 'blurry eyesight'
Hair today, gone to-Zorro! Antonio Banderas shows off clean-shaved head and EYEBROWS as he promotes his show Genius Picasso
'Always with me': Mark Hamill checks into a London hotel room with artwork in it that he thinks looks like his late Star Wars co-star Carrie Fisher
Declan Donnelly confirms he'll 'honour promise to fans' and host final two shows of Saturday Night Takeaway ALONE
Will Simon stand by troubled Ant McPartlin? Cowell remains silent in face of Britain's Got Talent host's drink-drive drama
First look: Mila Kunis and Kate McKinnon debut trailer for new action comedy The Spy Who Dumped Me as they stop by Ellen DeGeneres' show
Sheer style! Once Upon A Time actress  Jennifer Morrison sports elegant black pencil dress at Power Stylists Dinner in LA
Beaming Louisa Johnson goes braless under a clingy white bodysuit as she snaps selfies with fans in Manchester
Amber Turner shows off her surgically-enhanced assets in scanty yellow bikini as she larks around during Dubai getaway 
'He keep me motivated': Gemma Atkinson gushes over Strictly beau Gorka Marquez... as she admits she 'loves' that they share same passion for fitness
Date night! Kristen Stewart and girlfriend Stella Maxwell look every bit in love... after rumors surface that the model once shared a kiss with Bella Hadid
Lottie Moss goes braless in a black crop top as she enjoys a carefree shopping spree with glamorous mother Inger in Los Angeles
'I miss the baby pink hair': Kim Kardashian shares throwback image with her blush locks before she went back to black
'My boy's like a sloth!': Mila Kunis compares son Dimitri, one, to a 'Neanderthal' and hints daughter Wyatt, three, is 'smarter'
Mixing it up! Armie Hammer goes casual while glamorous wife Elizabeth Chambers sports chic velvet jumpsuit at Power Stylists Dinner
Flare for fashion! Eva Mendes looks ever so stylish in Monse patchwork off-the-shoulder dress as she promotes her new fragrance in Mexico City
She never looked better! Drew Barrymore, 43, glows in new Crocs ad... after revealing she has lost 20lbs from high protein diet
Now that's a room with a PHEW! Bikini-clad Catherine Zeta-Jones admires the view from her hotel balcony in the Dominican Republic
Happier than ever! Kylie Jenner flashes diamond ring as she leaves Stormi at home to enjoy dinner date with beau Travis Scott in West Hollywood
Millie Mackintosh continues her black parade in a fluffy coat and sports leggings... as she mourns the loss of her beloved fashion label
TOWIE's Georgia Kousoulou proudly displays recent nose job despite her 'initial regrets' as she heads to the gym
Pete Wicks and girlfriend Shelby Tribble look smitten as they lock arms and coordinate their styles while out filming romantic TOWIE scenes
WAKE me up, before you go! Jessie Wallace steps out in pyjamas... shortly before returning to EastEnders at her character Kat Slater's funeral
Black-ish star Yara Shahidi stuns in a crop top and patterned skirt combo as she poses up a storm at Hollywood Reporter dinner
Luke Skywalk-opener! Mark Hamill looks dapper in camel coat as he cuts ribbon for new viewing platform in Gibraltar alongside stormtroopers
Goodbye Gigi, hello new me! Newly-single Zayn Malik unveils bleach blond hair as he revives his Pillowtalk video look after shock split from Hadid
 Gigi Hadid looks a little downcast while leaving her NYC pad in stylish ensemble... as ex Zayn Malik reveals dramatic new look on set of new music video
Justin Theroux's 'new girlfriend' Petra Collins and Dakota Johnson frolic in a lake alongside transgender model Hari Nef as they star in fun new Gucci campaign
She's Happier! Ed Sheeran greets terminally ill fan, 9, ahead of sold-out Brisbane gig performance
Look away, Selena! Justin Bieber enjoys night out with Abby Champion's Sports Illustrated swimsuit model sister Baskin
Jeremy Clarkson's ex-wife Francis Cain, 56, slips into a black bikini as she joins their injured son Finlo, 21, and toyboy on Barbados break
Natural Beauty! Olivia Culpo looks stunning in a white tube top and tight jeans as she leaves a meeting in Los Angeles
'It's the right thing to do': Piers Morgan backs Dec to pursue TV career without embattled friend Ant McPartlin... and even suggests he finds a new co-host
Queen Maxima of the Netherlands and Queen Rania of Jordan look ready for business in co-ordinating grey looks on a joint engagement in The Hague
Olivia Attwood poses in her underwear as footballer ex Bradley Dack sends her flirty messages a month on from Chris Hughes split
The look of Desiree! Michael Klim and his stunning girlfriend Deravi get cosy on date night at plush IWC Schaffhausen event
This Morning descends into mayhem as 'Easter bunnies' Holly and Phil turn the studio upside down for eggs
Another Eccle-stone lost, James? Stunt's new 'fiancee' Samantha Rowley LOSES £1.5million sapphire from her 'engagement ring'
Busty Iskra Lawrence flashes her sensational curves as she sets pulses racing in array of sexy bikinis during Las Vegas break
Pregnant Jacqueline Jossa covers her blossoming baby bump in denim jacket as she enjoys a family day out with husband Dan Osborne
Hello... is it meat you're looking for? Gemma Collins and Arg enjoy a date at KEBAB house after declaring they are 'TOWIE's greatest love story'
'They could destroy marriages': Seven Year Switch star slams show's editors for 'manipulating' footage to make it look like she was NAKED
Powerful in pink: Kim Kardashian looks like a modern day punk rock prom queen as she poses for artsy magazine ODDA
Kylie Jenner and boyfriend Travis Scott squeeze in some rare alone time as they enjoy a juice date without their newborn Stormi Webster
From SW3 to SEWAGE! Georgia 'Toff' Toffolo is worlds away from Chelsea as she's forced to visit a waste treatment centre by This Morning viewers
'I'm still standing': Courtney Stodden posts defiant make-up free selfie in nude bra and thong
'My body seemed to offend him': This Is Us star Chrissy Metz claims abusive stepfather would beat her and force her to do humiliating weigh-ins
An average mom! Angelina Jolie picks up OATMEAL at Whole Foods in LA with Zahara and Shiloh... as divorce from Brad Pitt is still not finalized
Will Harry and Meghan have a 'mini-moon' in IRELAND? Couple are expected to make trip to Dublin shortly after their wedding at Windsor Castle 
Serene siren! Makeup-free Julianne Hough looks relaxed as she leaves meditation class in Los Angeles
'He's The Governor or the Boss': Ben Mendelsohn gushes over Steven Spielberg after starring in his upcoming film Ready Player One
Kate Upton unveils her risqué evening ensemble in exquisite unseen photos from Tuscany wedding to baseball ace Justin Verlander
EXCLUSIVE: Strictly's Anton du Beke reveals Brendan Cole's shock firing 'is the nature' of the series... as he backs Piers Morgan for the BBC ballroom
'I've never felt so confident': Kerry Katona flashes her toned figure in racy underwear snap... amid heated feud with former bandmate Natasha Hamilton
Emmerdale SPOILER: Ross Barton feared DEAD as he attempts suicide after being humiliated in brutal pub prank
EXCLUSIVE: 'It's a bit of a surprise party for me!' Jake Quickenden admits he still doesn't have a clue about his wedding plans with Danielle Fogarty
'I don't want her spirit to go away': Alexandra Burke tears up as she speaks about her late mother and performs new track dedicated to her memory
'Working so hard' Sophie Kasaei reveals she has fallen off track since two stone weight loss... as she posts VERY saucy swimwear snap for inspiration  
Drew BarryROAR! Hollywood actress is visibly upset as she engages in heated phone conversation on the streets of NY after storming out of lunch
Olivia Buckland grapples with her assets while showing off incredible frame in bright yellow crochet bikini on final day of Barbados break
Ariel Winter struggles to contain her assets in barely-there sports bra as she hits the gym with beau Levi Meaden
Naomi Campbell, 47, shows off her age-defying physique in skimpy mauve bikini as she larks around during idyllic getaway
It's a girl? Michael Bublé and his 'pregnant' wife Luisana Lopilato 'joyously reveal the sex of their third child to loved ones'... after son Noah's cancer battle
Lingerie-flashing Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her rippling abs in bralet with entirely sheer designer skirt as she heads out of pal's birthday bash 
Geordie Shore's Ricci Guarnaccio shows off the results of EYELID surgery and facial lipo after admitting he's ADDICTED to going under the knife 
Makers of Netflix hit Chef's Table are accused of sexism for featuring only ONE female chef in the new series
'I'll look at next year when it comes:' Suranne Jones reveals fans could be in for a VERY long wait before Doctor Foster returns
The Faier-est of them all! Billie Faiers flashes her ample cleavage and tiny waist in sexy reptile print bikini as she soaks up the sun on idyllic holiday
Caroline Flack, 38, helps boyfriend Andrew Brady, 27, move into her London home as they take their romance to the next level after just ONE MONTH of dating
Ant and Dec are SNUBBED at the RTAs they lose in both categories and are no-shows... two days after embattled presenter's drink-driving arrest
Is this the world's biggest superfan? Woman, 25, has met 500 A-list stars including Oprah, Cara Delvingne and Mark Wahlberg
Ferne McCann slips into her activewear as she animatedly catches up with Love Island's Chris Hughes ahead of Sport Relief 2018 Boat Race
Weinstein's ex wife Georgina Chapman goes for lunch - as producer's company announces it's releasing victims from non-disclosure agreements
Kendall Jenner displays her natural athleticism as she sprints in three-inch heels for latest fashion campaign in Paris
Jeff Goldblum hints that Laura Dern COULD return for Jurassic World... 25-years after their first appearance in film franchise
The Crown as seen by the crowd! Never-before-seen images taken by amateur photographers capture the special relationship between the royal family and the public 
Bake Off fans mock Jamie Laing for 'banging on' about his biscuit heritage... as Prue Leith has to SPIT OUT his loaf cake
Stranger Cha Chings! Netflix child actors 'are set to rake in $150K per episode of sci-fi hit... yet breakout star Millie Bobby Brown, 14, is tipped to make $300K'
Mary J. Blige, 47, is suitably sassy in a curve-hugging leather bustier dress and a snakeskin coat as she attends Jimmy Choo dinner
Is he Thor real? Exhausted Chris Hemsworth naps on a public BENCH while waiting for plane after enjoying fun-filled boys' getaway in Canada
Getting her vitamin sea! Lydia Bright flaunts her incredible figure as she slips into a plunging swimsuit for sizzling throwback snap
'My goodness, he was singing 22': Harry Styles drives fans wild as he belts out ex-girlfriend Taylor Swift's lyrics during Copenhagen tour
'I recently had to get some sun damage removed': Caitlyn Jenner, 68, posts shocking photo with bloody nose as she tells fans to use sunblock
Coy couple? Paris Jackson and Cara Delevingne cuddle in bed while watching lesbian romance drama Carol
'Time to smash MY life!' Georgia May Foote reflects on tough year and to downwards spiral... hot on the heels of split from beau George Alsford
Cash, reign o'er me! Roger Daltrey earns $1 MILLION for private performance at 60th birthday party... after admitting he's going deaf
Amber Davies flashes major underboob in VERY racy selfie... after triumphing over Love Island pal Olivia Attwood in brutal 'best looking' poll
Beret Parisian chic! Busty Chloe Sims puts on an eye-popping display as she slips into a flared jumpsuit while filming TOWIE
Charles and Camilla's plot to slur Diana as a SCHEMING HYSTERIC and how the Prince's mistress orchestrated a secret battle to win hearts and minds
Backside driver! Lauren Goodger flashes a smile as she showcases her VERY peachy derrière whilst perusing cars at Mercedes in Essex
Dakota Fanning commands attention in a sequin mini-dress while Elle is gorgeous in green as they enjoy a sisters' night out at Jimmy Choo dinner
'Even my sisters think I'm crazy!': Kim Kardashian reveals she urgently squeezes in last-minute facials at 10PM as she talks beauty routine
'Drink-drive' TV star Ant McPartlin is holed up undergoing rehab at £1.6m rented home - as friends claim his £60m split from wife Lisa forced him off wagon 
EXCLUSIVE: The Mummy Diaries' Billie Faiers BREAKS DOWN as she submits school application for Nelly... before setting stepdad up on dating site
Pretty as a petal! Naomi Watts is ready for spring as she dons floral print dress on red carpet at Breath premiere
Rebounding already? Newly single Justin Bieber has a smile on his face again as he hits up an LA club with a blonde mystery woman
Nicole Scherzinger looks the picture of elegance as she shows off her svelte figure in a low-cut cream dress at intimate London gig
Beaming Charlize Theron appears fresh-faced as she wraps up in loose-fitting hoodie while taking son Jackson for frozen yogurt in rainy LA 
Busy Philipps steps out in dark sunglasses after being diagnosed with sun-burned EYES after 10 hour photo shoot that left her weeping in pain
As Katie Boyle dies at 91, CHRISTOPHER STEVENS muses on the life of Eurovision Queen who was locked up in a lunatic asylum by her own father
Oui oui mon cheri! Bella Thorne flaunts toned tummy in crop top and black beret as she wraps arm around Patrick Schwarzenegger for press event
'Megan is irrelevant': Pete Wicks is BANNED from seeing ex McKenna as he gushes about new romance with Shelby Tribble... after model twerks on Gatsby
Cheryl seeking 'high-impact TV roles after being released by record label Polydor' as she gets back to work following birth of baby Bear
'She's got no knickers on!' Five Star Hotel fans left in hysterics as Charlotte Dawson flashes her bum and flirts with father-to-be Spencer Matthews
'Zig-a-zig-ah!' Spice Girl Mel B dons bold pink camouflage jacket emblazoned with the iconic lyrics to Wannabe
Smoke gets in your eyes! Paris Jackson, 19, puffs cigarette outside LA vegan restaurant ...despite California's smoking age being 21
'Another day in paradise!' Lea Michele makes a splash in sexy black bathing suit as she hits the beach with mom Edith during getaway to Hawaii
Hell for leather! Drew Barrymore wears edgy motorcycle jacket for an appearance on The Daily Show in New York
Gwyneth Paltrow is beautiful in blue as she leads the glamour at star-studded Jimmy Choo stylists dinner in Los Angeles
'Rose between two thorns!' Piers Morgan poses with GMB co-anchors Susanna Reid and Kate Garraway at the Royal Television Society Awards
He's buff! Shirtless Ryan Phillippe shows off his six-pack and tattoos as he soaks up the sun in Cabo
Lizzie Cundy shows off her figure in a red bodycon dress and matching thigh-high boots as she attends star-studded restaurant bash in style
'I wasn't anticipating this': Megan Fox gets emotional after Tyler Henry warns the star her mother will have to go through a 'transition' at age 60
'Nobody gives a f***:' Cardi B says the #MeToo movement doesn't care about women in hip hop
'You made my baby very happy!': Taylor Swift joins forces with fellow Kim and Kanye enemy Amber Rose as she sends her son gifts
Amicable exes! Kourtney Kardashian is all business in flowy trousers as she and Scott Disick step out in Los Angeles suburbs
ITV viewers shocked as Saturday Night Takeaway is replaced by The Fast and The Furious... following Ant McPartlin's drink-drive arrest
'We call this the Kate Sandwich': Victoria Justice poses in middle of Kate Bosworth and Kate Mara as they all rock floral dresses for fashion event
'Making memories with this one': Smitten Megan McKenna posts loved-up snap with beau Mike Thalassitis as they jet off to Barbados for another holiday
Makeup free and ageless Elle Macpherson shows off her super trim pins in tight trousers as she jets out of Sydney with son Aurelius Cy
Daisy Lowe flashes her abs in a skimpy black sports bra and baseball jacket as she joins sports chic Louisa Johnson for store launch
Doting dad! Liev Schreiber takes sons Alexander and Samuel to Isle Of Dogs screening... while ex Naomi Watts attends nearby Breath premiere
Doing good! Serena Williams flashes huge smile as she heads to court to take part in celebrity tennis match
Monochrome magic! Keri Russell glams it up at premiere of The Americans with Matthew Rhys... after revealing show changed her career
Black Mirror creator Charlie Brooker reveals filming has already begun on hit show's hotly-anticipated fifth season... as he scoops RTA award  
Ready for spring! Supermodel Cindy Crawford, 52, shares throwback bikini photo from the Nineties as she says she's excited for warmer weather
'I water them with love': Tori Spelling composes a sentimental post about her five kids in honor of the first day of spring...after a challenging few weeks
Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills: Erika Girardi stuns group by insisting she lived past life as boy saved by knight
Mark Wright shows off muscular physique in a denim shirt as he steps out in the sunshine... after spending quality time with wife Michelle Keegan in LA
On the Run! Beyonce sports white fishnet stockings on the back of a motorcycle driven by Jay Z as the power couple film video in Jamaica
Ant and Dec 'cancel appearance at Sting's Geordie musical The Last Ship in Newcastle'... after embattled presenter's drink-drive arrest
Pretty in pink! Bella Thorne dazzles in thigh-baring fuchsia wrap skirt and sheer turtleneck while out in New York
Caroline Flack teases her cleavage in daring semi-sheer lace top and leopard print suit at the star-studded Royal Television Society Programme Awards
'I had this fascination with death': Demi Lovato reveals she had suicidal thoughts when she was just seven in candid interview with Dr. Phil
The Voice: Kelly Clarkson protests after learning Adam Levine lists fellow coach in cell phone as 'Queen Alicia'
Adwoa Aboah goes nearly nude for Allure cover shoot despite being 'insecure' in her early modeling days
Olivia Attwood and Holly Hagan pose up a storm before screaming in fear as they search for paranormal activity on Celebrity Ghost Hunt Live 
Surfin' U.S-Kanye! Kim Kardashian displays her dangerous curves in more Yeezy rubber wetsuit shorts on rare day out with her pink-haired husband
Fresh-faced Jemma Lucy flaunts her multiple inkings in tight black ensemble  as she joins a bra-flashing Kym Marsh at beauty event in Manchester
It wasn't one! Queen to attend performance by reggae star Shaggy as part of Commonwealth concert at Royal Albert Hall to mark her 92nd birthday
Smoking hot! Newlywed Emily Ratajkowski heads to marijuana dispensary with gal pal in plunging black dress with a sizzling thigh-high slit
'I wish I'd told him "I love you, we'll find some help, it will be okay"': Emotional Zoe Ball recalls the last time she saw her partner before his tragic suicide
'This is about Millie': Professor Green accused of taking a swipe at ex-wife as he shares cryptic 'gloating' post in the wake of her fashion line closure
'This is difficult for us': 'Shocked' Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield FINALLY address Ant McPartlin... 24 hours after ignoring drink-drive arrest
Ant and Dec both avoid the limelight and stay away from tonight's Royal Television Society awards despite being up for two major gongs 
Curvaceous Demi Rose exhibits her eye-popping cleavage in VERY tiny semi-sheer pink lingerie for saucy Instagram snap
Classic beauty! Hilary Swank shows off trim figure in slinky LBD as she gives press conference promoting Danny Boyle anthology series Trust
'It wasn't gross or weird': Macaulay Culkin dishes on losing his virginity at 15... as he reveals new girlfriend Brenda Song is 'so good to me'
Bouncing back nicely! Amanda Bynes looks chic with red lipstick in LA as she returns to acting... three years after being placed on psychiatric hold
Red-y for her closeup: Bikini model Daphne Joy shows off her toned tummy in tiny bottoms for a photo session in Miami
Happiest place on Earth! Karlie Kloss looks cute in cherry print dress and Minnie ears as she joins her family on trip to Disneyland
EXCLUSIVE Lindsay Lohan wears a headscarf as she gets back behind the wheel to race around Dubai sand dunes with her new Lawyer.com team
'A lot of great stuff': Show creator Ryan Murphy confirms Oscar-winner Kathy Bates returning to American Horror Story
'Devastated' Dec puts on a brave face after Ant's drink-drive arrest as it is revealed double act vowed one would NEVER appear on TV without the other 
PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Played a drinking Game (Of Thrones)? Worse for wear Kit Harington stumbles in front of oncoming traffic on rainy Paris streets
It's Jenna COLD-man! Actress wraps up warm in a statement grey coat and bulky scarf as she braves the chill for night out in London
Ready to pop! Pregnant Kym Johnson dresses her baby bump in a tight turtleneck on a grocery run in Los Angeles
Tatum O'Neal brings daughter Emily and John Corbett brings partner Bo Derek to God's Not Dead premiere
Coronation Street: Complaints tally increases to 200 as David Platt's rape story-line continues to cause controversy among soap fans
Alessandra Ambrosio is rock star chic in vintage Def Leppard shirt and pink stripe denim as she steps out days after 'split from fiance' Jamie Mazur
'It woke me up creatively': Keri Russell reveals her role on The Americans changed her career as she 'wasn't playing a kid anymore'
Belt it out! Kelly Clarkson looks breathtaking in a chic black floor-length gown for I Don't Think About You music video
Golden girls: Greta Gerwig and Tilda Swinton stun in gleaming outfits at New York screening of their film Isle Of Dogs
Bundled up! Rose McGowan sports cream coat and black turban in New York... after sharing cryptic birthday message to Harvey Weinstein
EXCLUSIVE 'I've never needed to read': Marnie Simpson on refusing to address her literacy struggles and ex Lewis Bloor's 'aggression'
Spot the resemblance! Nicky Hilton shows off her slender legs in skintight jeans as she steps out in Beverly Hills with her mother Kathy
What's My Line star and actress Katie Boyle, the face of 1960s Camay soap adverts, dies aged 91 
EXCLUSIVE 'I never fit the beauty stereotype': Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves was 'nervous' to return to  Brazil after being bullied for his looks as a child
She's ripped! Sofia Vergara runs errands in very distressed jeans and towering black heels as she puts on a stylish display in Los Angeles 
'You're It!' Jeremy Renner can't be caught  in upcoming comedy TAG... as cast debuts first trailer on The Ellen Show
You can take the girl out of the country... Bikini-clad Megan McKenna poses in a cowgirl hat as her holiday romance with 'Muggy Mike' heats up
Ocean's 8 London premiere: Rihanna wows in a golden gown as she joins Sandra Bullock, Cate Blanchett and Helena Bonham Carter on the red carpet
Victoria and David Beckham put on united front as they enjoy family dinner... after dismissing divorce claims
Beyonce's fans think she is pregnant with FOURTH child as she appears to have bump during world tour
Love Island EXCLUSIVE: Niall Aslam quit because he 'struggled to deal with stress after years of battling insecurities about his ears' 
Love Island: Megan chooses Eyal over Alex in shock recoupling...but later confesses she wants BOTH boys
Dreading the bloat this bikini season? It's a chronic issue affecting millions, but can a weight loss aid be the miracle solution for these real women?
Dua Lipa's boyfriend Isaac Carew filmed getting close to mystery woman on the dancefloor as his girlfriend's hit song plays
Love Island: Laura furiously calls out Adam over his treatment of Rosie.. as she claims he 'got off lightly' in tense recoupling
Love Island: Adam and Charlie leave viewers in hysterics with 'Operation Doctor Do More'... as they distract Eyal with hilarious discussions of STARS
Brad Pitt rides bike in London amid custody negotiations with estranged wife Angelina Jolie
Rihanna is forced to shield her bosom as she SPILLS out of plunging gold gown amid wardrobe malfunction at Ocean's 8 London premiere
Lucy Mecklenburgh 'SPLITS from boyfriend Ryan Thomas following an explosive row'
Lottie Moss puts on a VERY animated display as she dances in the street after wild night out in Barcelona
Amanda Holden shows off her stunning figure in a plunging lilac gown with a racy sheer skirt at Classic BRIT Awards 
Ocean's 8 London premiere: Cate Blanchett rocks quirky feathered top as she steps out with son Ignatius 
Kim Kardashian dons silver spandex ensemble complete with thigh-grazing boots in latest Yeezy stint
Kirsty Gallacher, 42, stuns in trouser suit she attends charity gala... days after getting 'flirty and tactile' with X Factor winner Myles Stephenson, 26
Sofia Vergara looks sensational in summery striped top and tight jeans for lunch outing Beverly Hills
Ocean's 8 London Premiere: Helena Bonham Carter oozes Hollywood glamour in sparkling silver frock as she joins star-studded red carpet
Sandra Bullock, 53, poses up a storm on the red carpet in a plunging sequinned jumpsuit at Ocean's 8 London premiere
Classic BRIT Awards: Myleene Klass dazzles in plunging golden brocade gown as she joins glamorous Love Island star Montana Brown on the red carpet
Jack Osbourne gives update on divorce from wife Lisa as they celebrate daughter Andy's 3rd birthday
Kim Kardashian flashes a big grin with sister Kylie Jenner to play dress-up in spandex Yeezy outfits
Christina Aguilera rocks black thigh-high boots as she plans to take daughter, three, on new tour 
Demi Lovato makes a triumphant return to the stage in Glasgow after cancelling two UK tour dates over swollen vocal chords
Ocean's 8 London premiere: Sarah Paulson makes a bold statement in layered frock as she walks the red carpet... after THAT 'highlighter' dress
Ocean's 8 London premiere: Mindy Kaling oozes gothic glamour in figure-hugging black semi-sheer gown 
Kim Kardashian and Alice Johnson embrace at the pardoned prisoner's Memphis home after reality star petitioned Trump to commute sentence
Ocean's 8 London Premiere: Sam Faiers dazzles in rainbow mini-dress as she cosies up to boyfriend Paul Knightley
Love Island winners Cara De La Hoyde and Nathan Massey hit back at radio presenter for branding their baby son 'a mistake' who they 'had for money'
Paris Jackson cleans graffiti off dad Michael's Walk Of Fame star ahead of ninth death anniversary
Summer lovin'! Heidi Klum, 45, puts her long legs on display in a pair of tiny shorts as she poses up a storm in a stunning campaign for her new Coachella-inspired Lidl collection
Ewan McGregor to star in Stephen King's The Shining sequel Doctor Sleep
April Love Geary flaunts her incredible post-baby body as she flashes the flesh in skimpy bikini 
Salma Hayek channels Frida Kahlo for the first time since playing her 15 years ago at event dedicated to the Mexican artist in London
Get a room! Chris Hemsworth and wife Elsa Pataky put on a steamy PDA at a cafe in Byron Bay while Matt Damon and wife Luciana Barroso watch on uncomfortably
Love Island's Kendall Rae-Knight and Kem Cetinay are pictured KISSING in a hotel lobby after after bonding on spin-off show
Love Island SPOILER: Dani Dyer and Jack confess their true feelings for each other as their romance heats up
Lauren Goodger PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Reality star exhibits her eye-popping derriere and serious sideboob in a skimpy swimsuit for Essex photoshoot
Love Island SPOILER: Laura Anderson and Wes Nelson discuss plans to move in together and start a family on their FIRST date
Love Island SPOILER: Islanders left retching as they pass food between each other's MOUTHS in gruesome task
Fancy some Cake By The Ocean? Joe Jonas wears quirky sunglasses as he joins his colourful DNCE bandmates for a stroll in Sydney's Bondi Beach
Kimberley Garner parades her envy-inducing figure in skimpy blue bikini as she hits the beach in Mykonos
Marriage looks good on them! Newlyweds Shanina Shaik and DJ Ruckus appear carefree and relaxed on a bike ride in Mexico 
Classic BRIT Awards: Katherine Jenkins wows in THREE dazzling ballgowns as she returns to the stage for the first time since giving birth 
Cardi B gets album cover deposition postponed now that she is 'in her final month of pregnancy'
Abbey Clancy flaunts her sizzling body in a red swimsuit as she enjoys Barbados break with husband Peter Crouch
EXCLUSIVE: Kim calls herself 'heartless', 'doesn't care' about Kardashian beauty brand and chides team for making sisters look like Charlie's Angels in court docs
Geordie Shore fans claim the show has gone 'downhill' as 'childish' Chloe Ferry strips NAKED for X-rated night with Sam Gowland
The Handmaid's Tale's Yvonne Strahovski drapes her growing baby bump in chic blue look for IMDB Show
Classic BRIT Awards: Charlotte Hawkins stuns in plunging teal floral gown as she walks the red carpet
Rita Ora shows off her enviably taut abs in a canary yellow sweatsuit with crop top as she steps out in NYC
Danniella Westbrook sobs as she reveals she was sectioned after trying to kill herself and has been secretly using drugs for past FOUR YEARS
Tragic chef Anthony Bourdain 'is cremated in France less than a week after killing himself in a hotel room, with his ashes due to be flown back to the US' 
Khloe Kardashian shares new photos of daughter True following her two month birthday
Dame Joan Collins, 85, looks chic in a monochrome sunhat and leather jacket as she arrives in LA with husband Percy Gibson, 53
Love Island host Caroline Flack, 38, steps out with fiancé Andrew Brady, 27, as she jokes about her VERY kooky wedding plans  
Love Island's Megan Barton Hanson strips NAKED and douses her body in watermelon for steamy snap
Beyonce and Jay-Z touch down in Manchester in SEPARATE helicopters ahead of latest On The Run II performance
Kanye West drops by LA office while Kim Kardashian meets released prisoner Alice Johnson in Memphis
Love Island hunk Adam Collard got his ex-girlfriend's initials tattooed on his arm... just MONTHS before he dumped the beauty over her 'insecurities'
Kaia Gerber, 16, sports oversized plaid blazer during New York City outing with her friends
Halsey flaunts her wild side as she shows off ample cleavage in leopard crop top and skimpy cut-offs 
Is THIS why Niall left Love Island? Rosie makes cryptic reference to his 'dishonesty'... as viewers demand answers about  exit being glossed over
Strictly's Karen and Kevin Clifton split: Strictly stars put on another tender display as their tour hits Canterbury
NeNe Leakes reveals husband Gregg is battling cancer as she shares photo of him at doctor's office
Ashley James dazzles at the polo as she calls for more 'diversity, cellulite and stretch marks' on Love Island
Stacey Solomon celebrates her 'beautiful' natural body in bikini snap with co-stars Nadia Sawalha and Kaye Adams
'She is so ugly': Stefano Gabbana prompts FURY among Selena Gomez fans after bashing the singer on Instagram -  after making rude comment about Kate Moss
Farrah Abraham is 'ARRESTED after hitting a hotel security guard in the face while intoxicated'
Chloe Madeley flaunts her rock hard abs in a skimpy sports bra as she packs on the PDA with shirtless fiancé James Haskell during hike in Sardinia
'Body goals!' Former Home And Away star Pia Miller sets pulses racing as she shows off her enviable figure in a skimpy blue bikini during trip to LA
Kendra Wilkinson celebrates 33rd birthday with her kids following split from husband Hank Baskett
Justin Bieber and Hailey Baldwin grab coffee in New York together as it's claimed they're 'back on'
Kelly Preston fell in love with her husband John Travolta while she was still married to the 'wrong person'
James Corden calls Ashton Kutcher a 'loser' with a 'dying career' during epic rap battle
Alec and Hilaria Baldwin take three of their children for a stroll through New York City
Katy Perry turns heads in a plunging top with racy leather ensemble as she prepares for London tour dates
Chris Pine is seen with Gal Gadot on Virginia set of Wonder Woman sequel as his character is brought back after being killed in first film
TOWIE star Chloe Sims wows in tight leather dress as she enjoys girls' night out in Manchester with Shelby Tribble and Georgia Kousoulou
Ariana Grande announces launch of a new perfume - before hinting that the fragrance is inspired by her romance with fiancé Pete Davidson
Jacqueline Jossa shows off her baby bump while Dan Osborne takes the kids to the park as they continue to 'see how things go' after split
Holly Willoughby shows This Morning viewers her underwear before cracking up over VERY crude joke
Love Island's Camilla Thurlow undergoes makeover... as her romance with Jamie Jewitt goes from strength-to-strength
Roseanne Barr is still on Emmy ballot despite sitcom cancellation amid racist tweet storm
Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson shares throwback photo as he reveals his goal was to work for the CIA
Lady Victoria Hervey shows off her toned physique in tiny polka dot bikini as she hits the beach in Malibu
The Chainsmokers' Alex Pall packs on the PDA with video vixen-turned-girlfriend, Katelyn Byrd
Coronation Street star Nicola Thorp puts on a cosy display with co-star Charlie de Melo... as they enjoy a night at the theatre amid dating rumours
Bella Thorne attempts sexy beach pose while flaunting toned abs as waves crash on her
 Iggy Azalea flaunts her bountiful booty in suggestive snap with  model Raven Tracey... just one day after sharing  racy NUDE photo shoot
 Cesc Fabregas' new wife Daniella Semaan sizzles in a skimpy bikini as they honeymoon in Ibiza
Demi Rose PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Model sucks on an ice lolly as she parades her curves in a tight T-shirt and braces at London Zoo
Lottie Moss shows off her newly-dyed pink locks during leggy outing with scantily-clad pal Tina Stinnes in Barcelona
Kelly Brook looks cheery as she steps out with boyfriend Jeremy Parisi after being branded 'smug' and 'narrow-minded' in working mum row 
Priyanka Chopra and Nick Jonas continue to fuel dating rumours as they're seen in NYC
Kendall Jenner models black lace bra as she looks sultry alongside Bella Hadid in new Dsquared2 campaign
Elizabeth Hurley reveals she didn't think THAT Versace dress was a 'big deal' - and says ex Hugh Grant 'seems very happy' with Anna Eberstein
Julianna Margulies reveals George Clooney kept her from being killed off their hit TV show ER almost 25 years ago
Naomi Watts, 49, looks Parisian chic as she goes makeup-free during walk with her dog in New York
Jacqueline Jossa shows off her 'princess bump' as she enjoys day out with daughter Ella ahead of due date
Holly Willoughby admits she feels like a 'bad parent' for NOT letting her son Harry, nine, play violent game Fortnite - because his friends all enjoy it
Will Meghan win an EMMY? The Duchess of Sussex has been put forward for a prestigious acting award for her final season of Suits
 Dua Lipa sizzles in a VERY racy outfit as she tweets about 'ditching toxic people' after boyfriend Isaac Carew is seen getting close to a mystery girl 
She DOES have a sweet tooth! Victoria Beckham raves about the chocolate sweetener she adds to her morning coffee (but of course it has zero calories)
Claire Foy promotes The Girl In The Spider's Web in Barcelona as fans leap to her defence amid claims she is 'too prim' to play Lisbeth 
SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: How the Clooneys saved a village theatre from woodworm! 
Kady McDermott EXCLUSIVE: Love Island star on why she HATES being 'so single' and thinks Dr Alex is 'The One' as she launches swimwear line
Mollie King showcases her sensational figure in flirty floral bikini during sunny tropical getaway
Idris Elba looks smitten with his fiancée Sabrina Dhowre as they enjoy the Ibiza sunshine with his three-year-old son Winston
Jess Impiazzi wows in watermelon swimsuit as she straddles flamingo inflatable at poolside in Spain
British schoolgirl, 13, wows America's Got Talent with her performance of Hard to Handle - and is awarded with a 'golden buzzer' fast-track to live shows
Claire Danes talks pregnancy and says son Cyrus, five, was once jealous but now kisses her bump
Farrah Abraham repeatedly screams 'go f*** yourself' at Beverly Hills Police during hotel arrest
Dr Luke firmly denies allegation made by Kesha in a text message to Lady Gaga that the music producer raped Katy Perry calling the accusation 'baseless and irresponsible'
Love Island: Caroline Flack hits out at Adam Collard on Twitter after his 'sly' behaviour towards Rosie Williams
Jada Pinkett Smith says she knew when her son Jaden lost his virginity because he suddenly had 'swag'
Claire Danes keeps it classy in long black maternity dress while stepping out in New York City
Angelina Jolie's spokesperson fires back after 'misleading and deplorable' leak of court documents amid new custody arrangement with Brad
Farrah Abraham released from Beverly Hills police station in BIKINI TOP after profanity-laden arrest
Billy Bob Thornton says the necklaces he shared with Angelina Jolie weren't 'a bucket of blood' 
Jessica Alba sports navy coat and chunky heels while indulging in a bit of retail therapy in Paris
Olivia Attwood admits she's similar to Love Island's Hayley... despite calling Islander 'the child of Satan'
Top Gun star Kelly McGillis makes a rare public appearance 32 years after release of hit film
Sarah Jessica Parker, 53, looks half her age with new highlights, fresh tan and floral dress in NYC
Nicki Minaj is ravishing in red as she talks being single for the first time in twenty years
Alec Baldwin and Kim Basinger's daughter Ireland lands at new modeling agency to pump up career
Mama June reveals she has gained back 25lbs of the 300lbs she lost as she cannot exercise because she's going BLIND
Blac Chyna puts on an eye-popping display in mixed print coords as she debuts new platinum blonde locks... after denying pregnancy rumours
Christie Brinkley's daughter Sailor looks toned in swimsuit during St Tropez vacation... before sharing two stunning portraits
Priyanka Chopra shows off her toned legs in cream wraparound skirt... after date with Nick Jonas
Jada Pinkett Smith looks stunning in white dress... after revealing she 'often' contemplated suicide
Johnny Depp makes an eccentric statement in a striped top and baseball cap in Poland... after 'ill appearance' concern
Charlize Theron and Alexander Skarsgard's romance is 'back on' six years after first dating
Jennifer Lopez, 48, and Alex Rodriguez, 42, pose with their kids at home after taco dinner
Chris Pine as Steve Trevor is BACK in Wonder Woman sequel after DYING in first film as image from the movie, now set in 1984, is released
Demi Moore, 55, is trying her hand at comedy with the movie Corporate Animals after sizzling on TV's Empire
Colin Farrell and Eva Green star in first trailer for Tim Burton's remake of Dumbo 
Sophia Bush showcases fab figure in electric blue dress and green heels as she steps out in NYC
Jennifer Ellison shows off her curves in tight gym gear for outdoor workout... a year on from her incredible three weight loss
Hugh Hefner's 'dark secrets' are set to be exposed by a new TV documentary
Corrie's Jack P. Shepherd puts on a VERY amorous display with girlfriend Hanni Treweek in Mykonos after fuelling engagement rumours 
Metallica rocker James Hetfield, 54, shows off his toned physique as he relaxes with his family during lavish yacht holiday in Mykonos
Lilly Becker goes make-up free as she jets back to London while ex Boris steps out with son Elias following their split
Farrah Abraham claims profanity-laden arrest was 'a misunderstanding' after her release from custody
Busy Philipps grabs coffee with husband Marc Silverstein... after saying her daughter looks like a Sex And The City character
Blondie star Debbie Harry, 72, cuts a youthful figure as she steps out in patterned dress with daring keyhole cutout at annual picnic event
Tiffany Haddish reveals she hit on Leonardo DiCaprio earlier this year at a party... and it made him 'laugh'
Glen Powell thinks Ariana Grande and Pete Davidson 'are two sides of the same coin' and that marriage 'will work'
Magic Johnson's son EJ Johnson models figure-hugging white dress at Svedka bash in LA
Stinky booty duty! John Legend sings adorable song about 'Luna's poopy' as he changes his daughter's diaper in a sweet new Pampers commercial
 Robbie Williams and wife Ayda Field 'to join X Factor judging panel after signing £10M deal'
Elle MacPherson, 54, says she is GLAD her body isn't the same as in her 20s as she credits her youthful glow to yoga, a plant-based diet and plenty of sleep
Dakota Johnson and Chris Martin PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: The couple is spotted kissing during romantic date in LA
Piers Morgan struggles to put on a blonde wig as he slams Love Island AGAIN... after blasting GMB director as 'ludicrous'
Rachel Bloom admits she was 'devastated' by Neil Patrick Harris' Tonys diss... as actor apologizes to her
Rebel Wilson's record-breaking $4.5million defamation payout is SLASHED to just $600,000 on appeal 
Love Island viewers 'gutted' Niall didn't say goodbye as his co-stars are left aghast by his sudden exit... as his friends reveal they 'can't get hold of him'
Sophia Bush reveals how she felt pushed to marry Chad Michael Murray adding 'everybody's 22 and stupid'
Charlize Theron fetches groceries amid rumors things are 'back on' with ex fling Alexander Skarsgard
Lily Allen debuts longer pink locks as she keeps it casual in a tracksuit and quirky shades
Flipping Out sued by Jeff Lewis and Gage Edward's surrogate for broadcasting birth and airing jokes about her genitalia
Imogen Thomas admits her 'heartbreak diet' stems from fears over 'being a single mother' following split  with Adam Horsley
Pixie Lott slips her slender frame into quirky printed jumpsuit for date night with fiancé Oliver Cheshire
Kim Kardashian shines in silver thigh-high boots as she shows off curvy figure in clinging bodysuit
Erika Christensen accidentally reveals she is expecting a girl as she shows off bump at NYC event
Hailee Steinfeld is 'pleased' Taylor Swift has made up with Katy Perry as it's 'important for women to empower each other'
Angelina Jolie ordered to give Brad Pitt more access to their kids or risk losing primary custody
Jenson Button ENGAGED: F1 ace pops the question to former Playboy model Brittny Ward... less than three years after divorce from Jessica Michibata
No eye contact, no small talk and don't stand too close: MeToo icon Rose McGowan's diva demands revealed 
Stella McCartney says Meghan's wedding reception gown was her last chance to reflect her 'human side' before taking on 'austere' royal role
Sarah Paulson hilariously admits her Ocean's 8 premiere dress made her look like a 'highlighter'... and reveals she's in her prime in her 40s
Her majesty's mini me! Eagle-eyed royal fans spot Princess Charlotte copying Gan-Gan's wave after watching the Queen greet the crowds at Trooping The Colour
'I hit him f***ing hard': Sophia Bush says she slugged One Tree Hill creator when he groped her on set, but told no one to protect the show's 200 crew members
Prince Charles comforts an elderly woman in palliative care as he continues his whistlestop tour of Northern Ireland
Fury as Prince Edward takes '£37,000' taxpayer-funded private jet for 133-mile trip between engagements (when the train would have cost £250)
A VERY cheeky cousin! How Savannah Philips PUSHED third-in-line to the throne Prince George and sent him sliding down a hill
'We thought he would last forever': Stephen Hawking's daughter reveals how his death left the family reeling in her first TV interview since he died 
Johnny Depp presented with explicit fan portrait of himself... after worrying fans with 'ill appearance'
Katie Price 'gets a new tattoo dedicated to her family'... amid claims ex Peter Andre has 'BANNED her from seeing their two kids'
Lisa Armstrong and Ant McPartlin split: Make-up artist looks glamorous as she enjoys a VERY cheeky girls night in
Coronation Street SPOILER ALERT: Bethany Platt enjoys date with 'besotted' love interest Ryan Connor amid revenge plot
Love Island: Laura and Wes confess what REALLY happened in the Hideaway after becoming the first couple to sleep in the secluded den
Love Island fans slam Georgia for 'forgetting' about Niall as he leaves the villa for personal reasons 
Love Island: Alex blasts Eyal for being 'desperate' as he shares yet ANOTHER public smooch with Megan
Kanye West shares slew of racy images including NAKED Kim lookalike as he unveils surprise new Yeezy campaign
Beyonce and Jay-Z  tickets 'given away for free in a car park as stars struggle to fill seats for On The Run II tour'
Lea Thompson, 57, and her daughters Madelyn, 27, and Zoey, 23, look more like SISTERS as they plug new movie
Pete Davidson covers up tattoo of former girlfriend's face after engagement to Ariana Grande
Kristin Cavallari puts on leggy display in denim mini dress as she enjoys cocktail at boozy LA event
Rooney Mara sells sprawling Los Angeles home to Kelly Osbourne for $3.5m after moving in with boyfriend Joaquin Phoenix
Tamara Ecclestone oozes glamour in all black ensemble as she joins her father Bernie for dinner in London
Pregnant Claire Danes goes make-up free as she covers her baby bump in a baggy boiler suit while strolling in NYC 
Annabelle Wallis showcases her chic sense of style in two elegant dresses as she promotes new movie Tag in NYC
Lizzie Cundy shows off her curves in VERY racy silver gown as she pours CHAMPAGNE on a waiter during her star-studded 48th birthday bash
Jo Wood playfully sticks her tongue out as she makes very high-spirited exit from Lizzie Cundy's birthday bash
What happened to Redfoo? The eccentric American entertainer has traded his Party Rocker roots for a vegan lifestyle and a brand new career path
'We've got serious balls': Tina Arena compares herself to Madonna as she strives to compete with star's portrayal in stage adaptation of Evita
Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth's wedding album: Singer posts never-seen-before snaps from nuptials to wish husband a Happy Valentine's Day
Myleene Klass pregnant with her third child! Star reveals she's expecting her first baby with boyfriend Simon Motson in Valentine's Day snap 
Joe Jonas is every inch the doting fiancé as he surprises Sophie Turner with a lavish 23rd birthday bash on Valentine's Day
Kim Kardashian is delighted when Kanye West has Kenny G perform in their living room on Valentine's Day among a sea of single roses
BBC quiz show host hits the right note with new lover: Richard Osman is dating pint-sized jazz singer who is 17 inches shorter than the 6ft 7in star
One MILLION boxes have flown off the shelves so far, but why are people going wild for these weight-loss shots? Here, celebs and real life slimmers share their success stories...
Strictly Come Dancing professionals are 'worried they may be axed from the series in mass cull' following Pasha Kovalev's shock departure
Nick Jonas, 26, and Priyanka Chopra, 36, celebrate their first Valentine's Day together as husband and wife with sweet his and hers messages
Valentine's Day, Hollywood style! Kim Kardashian tells Kanye West 'I love you so much' while Kylie Jenner gets roses and Khloe spoils True
Love Island's Adam Collard 'spent drunken night with two women in a hotel room before dumping Zara McDermott by text'
EastEnders' Shane Richie reveals he slept on park benches during brief homeless period as a struggling actor in his teen years
FBI opens investigation into Ryan Adams after claims he 'asked a 15-year-old girl to send nude photos and exposed himself during Skype sex' 
Susan Boyle reveals she still lives in her parents' old council house and insists she's 'coping better' with fame 10 years after her BGT stint
Tressed to impress! Nigella Lawson, 59, reveals her wrinkle-free complexion as she enjoys a pampering session in Sydney
What is the funniest lie YOU ever told your parents? We round up hilarious fibs kids have told their parents (and vice versa!)
Rooney EXC: Coleen ditches wedding ring as she steps out WITH Wayne amid claims she wants him to enter rehab after barmaid bender (but he's still wearing his!)
Tamara Ecclestone glams it up in red ruched maxi dress and leather jacket as she and husband Jay Rutland enjoy Valentine's dinner at Nobu in London
'That's what happens when you drink and tattoo!' Lady Gaga quickly fixes mistake on new ink after unveiling huge rose inspired by A Star Is Born
Coleen Rooney spotted buying Valentine's Day balloons after ditching her wedding ring from husband Wayne
Strictly's Katya Jones makes a bleary-eyed exit after enjoying romantic Valentine's dinner with husband Neil 
Strictly's Gorka Márquez 'pulls out of stripping naked on The All New Monty after injuring his back and is replaced by Dancing On Ice star Matt Evers'
Roses are red, violets are blue, First Dates is truly painful to view: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV
The Bachelor's Colton Underwood leaves fan event early after being 'grabbed and touched inappropriately'
Why Suchet is still the real deal! QUENTIN LETTS on the brilliance of 'Sir' David in Arthur Miller's The Price 
Victoria Beckham will launch her official YouTube channel with a behind-the-scenes look at her brand and exciting celeb collabs during LFW
Cops raid home of two Empire extras amid claims they're investigating if Jussie Smollett staged attack by assailants 'because he was being written off  show' 
Brooklyn Beckham and Hana Cross kiss at the Eiffel Tower as star gushes he is the 'luckiest man in the world' during Valentine's break 
Tallia Storm cuts a sultry figure in sizzling red body con dress as she party hops between Valentine's bashes
Kendall Jenner goes bra-less beneath red cardigan for V-Day... after giving rare love life interview
Kady McDermott brands Maria Fowler's daughter, two, VILE in explosive row over rival interior design pages... before issuing gushing apology
'It's scary to be this young and married': Hailey Bieber, 22, claims Justin, 24, kept her in a 'weird limbo' during on-off romance and admits he's her 'first serious relationship'
Made In Chelsea's Olivia Bentley and Digby Edgley confirm their romance is BACK ON as they step out for Valentine's Day dinner
Cardi B shows off her ample assets in a plunging bodysuit and jeans with husband Offset before sultry serenade at Valentine's Day bash in Los Angeles
BAZ BAMIGBOYE: Charlize and KiKi get their comic-book kicks
Lea Michele reveals that she's asked Glee co-creator Ryan Murphy to officiate wedding to Zandy Reich
Catherine Zeta-Jones cosies up to husband Michael Douglas and children Carys and Dylan as she shares sweet throwback snap for Valentine's Day
'It's the only way to get noticed!' Rachel Johnson STRIPS on Sky News to spice up their Brexit debate 
Did Lady Gaga and fiancé Christian Carino split? Insiders say couple called it quits but others report the couple 'still plan to get married this year'
Love Island's Ellie Brown sizzles in scarlet strapless dress as she joins a busty Kendall Rae Knight at reality star-studded Galentine's Day party  
April Love Geary covers baby bump with gray hoodie as she goes grocery shopping in Malibu as due date nears
Demi Lovato spends Valentine's Day with beau Henri Levi as he reveals he 'loves her to the moon and back' 
Lily Allen puffs on a cigarette as she displays her figure in  bandeau bikini while relaxing on the beach in Australia
BAZ BAMIGBOYE: Ejiofor is blown away by a fabulous new star
The Greatest Dancer: Strictly pros set for  performance with Cheryl and captains on semi-final episode... which will be Pasha Kovalev's LAST dance
Happy Valentine's Day! Flowers, engagement hints and a defiant statement... The Beckhams, Dani Dyer and Kelly Brook lead the stars on V Day 
Simon Cowell confirms there will be two series a year of BOTH X Factor and Britain's Got Talent in massive format overhaul as he aims to boost ratings
JAN MOIR: It's not just the X Factor that needs the axe factor, Simon
Pirates of The Caribbean reboot in jeopardy after Deadpool writers hired by Disney leave project
Killing Eve season 2: Sinister FIRST LOOK trailer sees Villanelle on the run after THAT stabbing... while Eve declares 'I'm going to kill her!' 
Jodie Kidd makes her return to the catwalk after ten years for glam London Fashion Week show following battle with anxiety
Kylie Jenner lets daughter Stormi take in the lavish Valentine's Day floral presentation Travis Scott 'spent $10K on'
Ryan Thomas shares sweet snap of girlfriend Lucy Mecklenburgh with his daughter Scarlett, nine, as they celebrate Valentine's Day
Khan Do! Veteran diva Chaka returns after 12 years - and proves she is the queen of funk, jazz AND rock
Tina Malone has Valentine's night out at funfair in Manchester... amid court proceedings 'for re-tweeting photo of James Bulger's killer Jon Venables'
Justin Bieber looks downcast as he plays basketball ALONE on Valentine's Day amid battle with depression... while wife Hailey picks up donuts
Kylie Jenner's huge $1million purse closet contains 'at least 400' designer handbags
Ben Affleck's ex Lindsay Shookus is spotted out in New York amid rumors the two 'could get back together'
Gwyneth Paltrow's husband Brad Falchuk says 'holy f*** am I in love with you' as they both post sweet Valentine's Day tributes
Kendall Jenner hits back at perception she 'throws men in the trash' after several high-profile romances during candid interview with Hailey Baldwin 
Khloe Kardashian shares massive heart-shaped floral arrangement from Tristan Thompson before snuggling up to True on Valentine's Day
Michael Avenatti says he has new video evidence of R. Kelly having sex with a 14-year-old girl and urinating on her as she calls him 'daddy'
Gabrielle Union claps back at Instagram user who confused her for singer Brandy Norwood: 'Your eye witness testimony is a problem'
Jude Law arrives home on Valentine's Day with a bouquet of three long stemmed roses for his long time girlfriend Phillipa Coan
Love Island's Kaz Crossley shows ex Josh Denzel what he's missing on Valentine's Day as she flaunts her cleavage in lacy red lingerie
21 Savage gives first interview since his release on bond and says he was tracked with a helicopter by cops who said 'we got Savage' when they snared him
Ciara gets topless in the hot tub as she and husband Russell Wilson get his and hers Mercedes for Valentine's Day
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, 31, gushes over 'my valentines' as she shares a rare snap of son Jack with fiancé Jason Statham, 51
Rob Kardashian shares Valentine's Day photo of Dream as he says 'daddy loves you'... amid ongoing custody battle with Blac Chyna
Strictly's Giovanni Pernice hails girlfriend Ashley Roberts his 'princess' as he shares loved-up snap to celebrate Valentine's Day
Melissa McCarthy enjoys romantic stroll with husband Ben Falcone days after stumbling out of a London party at 5am 
Kerry Katona flaunts her gym-honed figure in a bandeau crochet bikini as she takes a break from Celebs Go Dating filming in Tenerife
Holly Willoughby lovingly gazes at husband Daniel Baldwin as she shares rare Valentine's snap of the couple
Olivia Newton-John biopic starring Delta Goodrem is set to air on Lifetime in America - a year after the Grease star said she was 'horrified' by the film
Gisele Bündchen and Tom Brady share the love as cute couple cuddle up for his-and-hers Valentine's Day messages
A sexy Valentine's Day surprise? Iggy Azalea, 28, strips down to black lingerie as her romance with toyboy rapper Playboi Carti, 22, heats up
Jeff Bezos 'discussed marriage with Lauren Sanchez, sent her 20 intimate pics and tried to buy American Media after National Enquirer's affair expose' claims mistress' brother
Two persons of interest identified in Jussie Smollett hate crime attack from surveillance 'include actor who has appeared on Empire' as both men are tracked down 
Beyonce takes the plunge in arty orange suit as she supports exhibition opening with husband Jay-Z during early Valentine's Day date night
Jess Wright puckers up for kiss with sister Natalya as they joke they are each other's Valentine while on holiday in Mexico
Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson reveals production has started on Jumanji 2 as he asks fans 'wanna play a game?'
Billie Faiers and Greg Shepherd enjoy romantic Valentine's Day meal... as he surprises her with Louis Vuitton bag, balloons and pink roses
Love Island's Laura Anderson 'left furious as co-star Megan Barton Hanson ignores her at industry events amid bitter feud'
Katie Price's ex-husband Kieran Hayler attempts to shock by revealing he has 'become a daddy again' in attention-seeking post on Valentine's Day 
'Lucky me!' Andy Cohen celebrates with his 'TWO Valentines' baby Ben and dog Wacha before hitting the gym
Wes Nelson reveals ex Megan Barton Hanson BLOCKED him after their split and admits DOI was to blame as she 'couldn't deal' with him being career-driven 
Extra host A.J. Calloway is spotted for the first time since sexual abuse allegations as his accusers reveal details of the alleged attacks
Margot Robbie will NOT be returning as Harley Quinn in Suicide Squad sequel or Gotham City Sirens... and Jared Leto's Joker film is scrapped too
Lauren Goodger shows off her eye-popping curves in sexy gold lingerie as she poses in corridor of Dubai hotel to wish fans a happy Valentine's Day
Loose Women viewers in hysterics over 'cringe' and 'chaotic' live engagements... as three women propose to their VERY stunned partners
Gwyneth Paltrow reps her Goop brand in $595 chambray dress in Brentwood and chats Netflix series
Jim Bob Duggar wishes his 'sweet, virtuous' wife Michelle a happy Valentine's Day with retro snaps
Jennifer Lopez, 49, stuns in green gown as she reveals beau A-Rod spoiled her with roses, candy and cake during first Valentine's Day
Katie Price books 'designer vagina' surgery as Valentine's gift to HERSELF after she 'bought expensive gifts for her exes and got nothing back'
Charlotte Crosby sizzles in orange bikini on sun-kissed holiday as she says she will get 'lots of kisses with tongues' from boyfriend Josh Ritchie for Valentine's Day
Peter Andre reveals daughter Amelia, 5, wished him a 'happy Fallon cystitis day' as he shares hilarious Valentine's Day text messages
Wendy Williams and husband Kevin Hunter are '100 percent NOT involved' with changes to her talk show
Ferne McCann fans are MORTIFIED by her flirtation with Charlie Brake... as he discusses getting her naked, being in charge and her being his 'dessert'
EastEnders SPOILER: Hunter Owen struggles to keep his cool during police interrogation after the brutal murder of Ray Kelly
Stacey Solomon sparks engagement rumours with Joe Swash as she HIDES her left hand after Valentine's Day surprise
'The greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return': Nicole Kidman posts a gushing tribute to her husband Keith Urban 
Melania Trump wears head-to-toe pink - including a $1,800 wool coat - to make candygrams and exchange Valentine's Day cards with sick kids
Inside Georgia Kousoulou and Tommy Mallet's home: TOWIE stars have Valentine's Day makeover complete with plush textiles and mirrored gold furniture
Charlie Sheen reveals he will not make cameo on RHOBH after ex-wife Denise Richards became housewife: 'I don't appear on shows I don't watch'
Gretchen Rossi, 40, of RHOC shows off her baby bump while wearing lingerie as she's over four months into her first pregnancy
Gwen Stefani and Blake Shelton head to church amid claims they are trying to overcome 'obstacles' in relationship
Kelly Brook can't keep the smile off her face as she steps out after sparking engagement rumours with loved-up selfie with Jeremy Parisi for Valentine's Day
Malin Andersson pays tribute to 'ultimate Valentine' Tom and admits they have been 'absolute messes' after laying four-week-old daughter Consy to rest
Camille Grammer FINALLY enjoys her honeymoon with David C Meyer in the Swiss Alps... after she lost her mansion during Malibu fires
The Wanted's Tom Parker announces he is expecting first child with wife Kelsey Hardwick
Katy Perry transforms into catsuit clad android as she questions the existence of love in bleak futuristic video for brand new single 365
'It was very romantic... there was snow on the ground!' Hailey Bieber recalls her sweet first kiss - as she reveals the most romantic thing her new husband Justin has ever done
Home in time for Valentine's dinner! Harry jets out of Arctic Circle on £20k private flight after three-hour trip to see Marines' training site
Avril Lavigne stuns in low-cut jumpsuit while arm-in-arm with billionaire boyfriend Phillip Sarofim in New York
Davina McCall looks radiant in a red wrap coat and quirky bow tie as she gathers her showbiz pals and hosts annual ReRun bash
Peter Gunz of Love & Hip Hop gets trolled for praising Cardi B for Grammy win three years after slamming her on the reality show reunion
SNL vet Kenan Thompson will produce a revival of the sketch-comedy series All That for Nickelodeon
Rebel Wilson says it's a challenge dating in LA due to Hollywood's 'unrealistic beauty standards' - almost two years after her last relationship
Graham Norton and Alan Carr CONFIRMED as judges for RuPaul's Drag Race UK... as they join RuPaul and Michelle Visage on the judging panel    
Gemma Collins looks delighted as she arrives at The Dorchester after James Argent hints a PROPOSAL could be on the cards for Valentine's Day
Paris Hilton stomps on her 38th birthday cake while dancing on table... ahead of Anti V-Day DJ gig
Noel Edmonds, 70, believes 'cosmic ordering' brought him and wife Liz Davies, 49, together as they talk about their secrets to long-lasting marriage 
Spencer Matthews set to join Kate Garraway and Richard Madeley on Good Morning Britain for a special stint as a showbiz reporter
Emmerdale's Joe Warren Plant, 16, splashes out on a blue 1967 Ford Mustang V8 Coupe (but he's too young to drive it!)
Courteney Cox, 54, reveals she didn't lose her virginity until she was 21 when her MOTHER suggested it was time she sleep with her boyfriend
Cheryl reveals she is on the hunt for a new man in cheeky Valentine's post... and is met by an influx of VERY enthusiastic responses from fans  
Sarah Hyland and her boyfriend Wells Adams share a romantic Valentine's Day kiss above a jungle in Mexico
Brad Pitt emerges for first time since Jennifer Aniston's 50th birthday party... as it's revealed he asked for her 'forgiveness' over how he handled their divorce
Danny Dyer shares rare Valentine's tribute to 'complex' wife Joanne Mas as he posts snap of them in full royal attire in homage to his regal heritage 
EXC: Former RHOBH Eden Sassoon invites DailyMailTV's cameras to film her $25,000 procedure dubbed the 'Ferrari of face-lifts' - and then unveils her stunning new look
Carol McGiffin, 58, shares details of her 'special' secret Thailand wedding to Mark Cassidy, 36... as she shows off her HUGE diamond ring 
Chip Gaines declares his love for wife Joanna as he inscribes giant Valentine's Day message on the side of a SILOS
Emily Atack gets pranked by a Calvin Harris impersonator after appealing to the real-life DJ to take her out on Valentine's Day
Kim Zolciak 'wasn't invited' to Andy Cohen's baby shower with the Real Housewives and has 'moved on' from Nene Leakes relationship
Ronnie Ortiz-Magro is leaving Las Vegas WITHOUT baby mama Jen Harley to film dating show in LA (and he doesn't know where their baby will live)
Charlize Theron opts for extreme comfort in a black sweater and leggings for sushi with friends in LA
'Smoooooooookin': Westworld actor Luke Hemsworth gushes over a  bikini snap of his stunning wife Samantha as he posts a tribute to her on Valentine's Day
Mary J Blige wraps herself in a fur coat as she stops by Good Morning America to talk up her Netflix show The Umbrella Academy
Kate Wright organises sweet 'last minute' Valentine's surprise for fiancé Rio Ferdinand and his kids... complete with balloon arch and bejewelled roses
Barack Obama pays tribute to his 'one and only' Michelle on Valentine's Day by posting a photo of her dancing to Motown - as she celebrates 
Blue is the colour! The Queen looks radiant in the spring sunshine as she unveils a plaque in London to mark centenary of the UK's security agency
Inside Amanda Holden's birthday bash: BGT judge turns 48 in style surrounded by her famous pals including David Walliams and Myleene Klass
Cardi B and Offset 'bought two houses together in January in Georgia worth $100K' before they were officially back together
Felicity Jones brands herself 'a d**k' during This Morning interview when shown a clip of her starring in The Worst Witch aged 14
Paris Hilton celebrates World War II veteran Sidney Walton's 100th birthday at the Philipp Plein show during New York Fashion Week
LeBron James says he wants to buy his own NBA franchise after he retires just like Hornets owner Michael Jordan, adding there 'ain't no "maybe" about it, I'm going to do that s***'
Coronation Street's Dolly-Rose Campbell comes out as bisexual... as she reveals 'the love and acceptance' of Manchester helped give her pride
Hollywood stars from Scorsese to Tarantino sign open letter calling the plan to hand out four Academy Awards during commercials an 'insult' 
Modern Meghan and classic Kate! Duchesses show how to master two VERY different make-up looks for their evening engagements 
Demi Rose showcases her killer curves in a skimpy purple latex bikini as she displays blonde transformation during sun-soaked Thailand trip 
Keeley Hawes reveals her hurt over speculation she was wearing 'ageing make-up' for new series Traitors - revealing it was just her face without cosmetics
Rapper Gucci Mane proudly flaunts the giant 60 CARAT 'upgrade' ring he bought his wife for Valentine's Day - after showing off the huge diamond pinky ring she got him 
EXCLUSIVE: Sister of Veep's Julia Louis-Dreyfus who died of an overdose complained she felt 'dizzy' two hours before 'falling over and convulsing for five minutes' 
AJ Pritchard sends fans into a panic as he reveals he 'doesn't know' whether he'll be part of the Strictly 2019 line-up... after Pasha Kovalev quits show
Rosa Salazar debuts platinum blonde locks in snakeskin sequin mini dress as she attends the Alita: Battle Angel film premiere in Tokyo
Suki Waterhouse goes make-up free as she dons a VERY casual outfit on solo outing
Love Island's Zara McDermott reveals her 26-inch waist jeans are now too BIG as she vows to 'keep smiling' after 'heartbreaking' Adam Collard split
Idris Elba, 46, surprises his fiancée Sabrina Dhowre, 29, by greeting her at Heathrow Airport in romantic Valentine's Day gesture
Holly Willoughby calls in sick to This Morning for a SECOND day due to illness... as Rochelle Humes resumes presenting duties with Phillip Schofield 
Chloe Goodman dazzles in deeply plunging swimsuit as she joins her swimsuit-clad sister Lauryn in Dubai 
Kylie Minogue shows off gigantic bunch of white roses as she celebrates first Valentine's with Paul Solomons
Strictly's Neil and Katya Jones celebrate their first Valentine's Day since THAT kiss scandal... amid claims he'll replace Pasha on the show
The actresses' new must-have accessory... her daughter! Celebrity mums show off their offspring as they hit the red carpet 
Tamara Ecclestone wakes up to a VERY lavish Valentine's Day surprise from Jay Rutland with her home filled with  thousands of pounds worth of flowers
EastEnders star Hetti Bywater flaunts her toned figure in tiny leopard print bikini as she hits back at cruel bodyshamers  
Jeremy Clarkson, 58, treats his girlfriend Lisa Hogan, 46, to romantic beach picnic in Vietnam for Valentine's Day
Jenna Bush celebrates Valentine's Day by sharing a youthful throwback photo of herself and her husband Henry Hager - as well as a sweet snap of their daughters 
Coronation Street's Gemma turns the air blue in front of Joseph with two pre-watershed F-bomb expletives in swearing storyline
Laura Anderson hints she'll meet Max George in Vegas during 30th birthday trip after he slid into her DMs... but declares she's had ENOUGH of dating
Miley Cyrus posts naughty message on Twitter to husband Liam Hemsworth ahead of Valentine's Day
Emily Ratajkowski flashes her derriere as she plugs swimwear line with grocery store photo-shoot
Johnny Depp looks unrecognisable as he transforms into WWII photographer W. Eugene Smith on set of biopic Minamata
Duke of Cambridge pays a visit to a barber shop in Paddington that supports men's mental health as he spends Valentine's Day away from Kate
Strictly Come Dancing's Pasha Kovalev quit 'because girlfriend Rachel Riley feared show's curse and claimed ballroom pro was underpaid' 
2 Frozen 2 Flurrious! Twitter users pitch witty (and pun-filled) alternate titles for the hotly-anticipated Frozen sequel - after the first trailer for the movie was finally released
'I love you, mum... and Hugh Jackman': Robbie Williams's daughter Teddy delights him as she recites hilarious birthday speech as he turns 45
Lizzie Cundy embraces Valentine's Day in cleavage-baring red dress and matching boots as she attends VIP reception and fashion show
Danielle Armstrong poses in very sexy heart-print underwear as she wishes her fans a happy Valentine's... (or Gal-entine's) day ahead of Full Monty 
Brie Larson channels ballerina chic and smiles for fans as she struts out on stage at Captain Marvel event in Singapore
English rose! Elegant Kate dons a delicate pink Gucci gown as she steps out for a glittering gala dinner at the V&A
Halle Berry, 52, shows off her relaxed style in a floral embroidered jacket as she wraps up during a rainy day in LA
Vicky Pattison poses in red lingerie for first Valentine's Day with new boyfriend Ercan Ramadan... after hitting out at body-shaming weight loss advert
Gigi Hadid bares her bosom in plunging black gown as Kaia Gerber struts in ruffles and lace for star-studded Marc Jacobs show at NYFW
Love Island's Gabby Allen reveals Diazepam has got her 'doing all crazy weird things' and that she's 'hearing voices that don't exist' 
Liam Payne's ex Cairo Dwek sizzles in a very scanty string bikini as she hit the beach in Barbados 
'What a donut!' The Chase viewers are left in stitches by contestant who gives the same WRONG answer as the Chaser 
Victoria Beckham announces her FIRST beauty collection is launching later this year- and it will feature everything from fragrance to 'wellness'
Tom Brady proves he's lost his 'dad bod' from last year as he flaunts abs that match Gisele's while celebrating his Super Bowl win in Costa Rica
Loose Women's Carol McGiffin bursts into tears during cancer story line clip after her own diagnosis... as fans query whether she had been warned
This Morning fans in hysterics as they discover the window backdrop is FAKE... after it breaks in hilarious blunder
Kady McDermott is DROPPED by clothing brand after calling Maria Fowler's daughter, two, 'vile'... as trolls 'wish her cancer, her future child's death and urge her to commit suicide'
Katy Perry and Orlando Bloom are congratulated by celebrity friends like Kate Hudson after they share news of engagement
Gemma Collins visits Harrods with James Argent as they treat Matt Evers to a personal shopping experience... after Valentine's at The Dorchester
Love Island star Ellie Brown 'has undergone a secret BOOB JOB... and now feels sexier and more womanly'
Toy Story 4: Woody and Bo Peep team up to save a lost toy in a VERY familiar location for intense new clip from the hotly-anticipated sequel
Katy Perry and Orlando Bloom ENGAGED: Actor pops the question with 'wildly valuable $5m' flower ring in front of singer's entire family
Star Wars Episode IX: Director JJ Abrams announces the film has WRAPPED filming as he releases new photo: 'It was a magical crew and cast'
Salma Hayek reveals she has adopted an pet OWL as she poses with adorable feathered friend in candid Instagram snaps 
Ricky Hatton is whipped, handcuffed and gagged in bondage gear for bizarre video clip as he declares its the 'best Valentine's Day present ever'
Millie Mackintosh cuts a glamorous figure in plunging satin jumpsuit as she cosies up to husband Hugo Taylor at star-studded Amanda Wakeley LFW show
Kim Kardashian rocks snakeskin in throwback photo from last year... after being serenaded by Kenny G at Kanye West's request
Ben Affleck reveals his ex-wife Jennifer Garner thought it was 'creepy' how he decorated their son's room in Patriots gear to force him into being a fan
Myleene Klass proudly shows off her baby bump as she is seen for the first time since revealing she's expecting her first baby with Simon Motson
Ben Affleck officially retires as Batman... before Jimmy Kimmel mocks his love of Tom Brady with a number 12 Batsuit
Shipwrecked stars strip NAKED amid battle to woo sexy newcomers... as they pose up a storm for VERY racy life drawing class
Christine McGuinness reveals her toned frame in leopard print sweater and skintight jeans as she steps out in Cheshire
Kendall Jenner says sister Kylie insisted on throwing Stormi an over-the-top 1st birthday party and 'didn't care' what people thought
Ariana Grande makes UK Chart history as she becomes the first female artist to hold the number one album spot and top two singles at the same time
Megan Barton Hanson admits she feels 'sad and empty' after split from ex Wes Nelson as she defends sharing emotional clips about her break-up
Gigi Hadid wears £880 Louis Vuitton headphones as she arrives in London ahead of LFW appearance
Amber Heard looks incredible as she slips into a black leotard and lace ruff for Wonderland cover... as she discusses her feminism and activism work
Hanson EXCLUSIVE: Taylor details 'getting drunk, making mistakes and doing stupid stuff' as he reveals the flip-side to the band's clean-cut image 
'Rest In Peace, Mammy': Jedward pay tribute to their mother Susanna as she passes away after living with cancer 'for many years'
Priyanka Chopra, 36, is a ray of sunshine as she wows in stunning yellow ensemble during London trip
Vicky Pattison wows in neon swimwear in yet ANOTHER saucy snap from Dubai getaway... as the star insists 'I am my own reason to smile'
Ben Foden admits he DID cheat on Una Healy during their six-year marriage... but insists his philandering wasn't the only reason for their divorce
Justin Theroux, 47, enjoys Valentine's Day boxing session with Brooks Nader, 23... days after birthday tribute to estranged wife Jennifer Aniston
Tiger Lily Taylor puts her best fashion foot forward in printed coords as she attends Marta Jakubowski's LFW show
Ben Affleck is seen taking a smoke break in LA... after claims he is trying to get back together with Lindsay Shookus
Amber Le Bon looks effortlessly chic in white midi dress as she attends Amanda Wakeley's LFW presentation
Jess Glynne forced to cancel BRITs Week show after being put on 'strict vocal rest' by doctors following illness
Miranda Lambert was 'flipping plates and trying to hit people' during steakhouse fight which ended with her 'dumping a salad on a woman's head', 911 call reveals
The Happy Prince! Laughing Charles looks animated as he goes back to the classroom to meet students on a visit to Oxfordshire 
Casual Fridays! Meghan Markle's best friend Jessica Mulroney wears minimal makeup as she steps out in New York in sweats - after spending Valentine's Day apart from her husband Ben
Justin Bieber and Hailey Baldwin hold hands after he played basketball alone in the snow on Valentine's Day... amid claims he's struggling with depression
Serena Williams rocks revealing denim cutoffs and a sheer leopard print shirt to show off her new pottery hobby
Kourtney Kardashian shares cute flashback image of her daughter Penelope with Kim's mini-me child North West
Charlize Theron, 43, says she 'single' as she looks radiant in red dress during Ellen interview... after it's claimed she is dating Brad Pitt
Ryan Gosling and Eva Mendes make a rare appearance together as they take their two daughters out to pick up flowers for Valentine's Day
 Lady Amelia Windsor flashes a hint of midriff as she steps out in a VERY colourful leopard and floral patterned ensemble at London Fashion Week
Lindsay Lohan takes to social media to slam Tamar Braxton after the singer beats her mom Dina on Celebrity Big Brother
Gigi Hadid looks sad as she spends her first Valentine's Day alone after heartbreaking Zayn Malik split
Fleur East snubs Simon Cowell's X Factor overhaul by insisting she will NOT go back for new all-star edition (but Stevi Ritchie is open to offers)
Chris Pratt names his new baby lamb Cupid after it was born on Valentine's Day: 'This is farm life!'
Iskra Lawrence cuts a glamorous figure in black lace as she cosies up to boyfriend Philip Payne in romantic Valentine's Day snap
Luann de Lesseps and Jill Zarin enjoy a Real Housewives reunion in Miami... as New York star 'violates probation' terms stemming from 2017 arrest
EastEnders star Samantha Womack is reduced to TEARS after reuniting with soap sister Rita Simons on Loose Women... two years after grisly death
TOWIE's Danielle Armstrong displays her washboard abs in crop top as she joins Megan Barton Hanson at Celebrity Full Monty rehearsals
Beyoncé showcases her phenomenal figure in a red latex mini dress as she enjoys romantic dinner with husband Jay Z on Valentine's Day in Malibu
X Factor star Chico Slimani, 47, confirms he's been given the 'all clear' and is 'back to full health'... four months after suffering a huge stroke 
Winnie Harlow becomes the first ever model with vitiligo to pose for Sports Illustrated Swimsuit - as behind-the-scenes snaps are revealed 
Demi Rose shows off her jaw-dropping curves in a strapless dress with racy cut-outs at glitzy Mark Fast LFW show 
Abbey Clancy looks radiant as she showcases her blossoming baby bump in a shoulderless black mini dress for London Fashion Week event 
Avril Lavigne performs title track from her album Head Above Water on GMA... after stepping out with billionaire boyfriend Phillip Sarofim
Keeley Hawes looks effortlessly elegant in all-black ensemble as she visits travel agent ahead of new series Traitors
Mickey Rourke, 66, stands out in NYC as he models cowboy hat with camo jacket, slacks and shoes while holding his dog
Lady Victoria Hervey dons glittering broken heart T-shirt as she celebrates Valentine's Day in LA alongside pal Billy Zane
Dua Lipa proudly displays her 'spotty post-facial' skin as she posts a make-up free selfie on Valentine's Day
Johnny Vaughan, 52, proudly shares a bikini snap of stunning girlfriend Vanessa Howard, 35, before enjoying boozy fishing trip in idyllic Costa Rica
Lilah Parsons exudes glamour in a plunging cobalt blue dress as she and chic Amber Le Bon attend Kurt Geiger LFW event 
Coronation Street's Shayne Ward and fiancée Sophie Austin step out holding hands as they enjoy a Valentine's Day dinner date 
Colin Kaepernick and Eric Reid settle grievances against the NFL after suing the league and accusing the owners of colluding against them in retaliation for protesting during the anthem
Philip Winchester of Law And Order: SVU becomes dad again... hours after announcing wife's pregnancy
Stacey Dooley labels boyfriend Sam Tucknott 'useless, annoying and messy around the house'... amid claims their relationship is under strain
Pregnant Alex Jones shows off her blossoming baby bump as she heads to BBC studios in denim dungarees
The Chase's Jenny 'The Vixen' Ryan was kicked out of her train seat to make room for Dean Gaffney... yet forgives the star after receiving apology cake
Ryan Reynolds reveals he came face-to-face with a bear when he was camping with friends: 'We naturally flipped out'
Claims come to light that Michael Jackson's chimp Bubbles, 35, was 'beaten' 'tried to take his own life' and 'self harmed'
Tilda Swinton submits plans for an extension to her £650,000 Highland home including a wet room for her DOGS after neighbours slammed her  'brutal' designs 
Mayweather fights with T.I. and 50 Cent over supporting Gucci after blackface controversy - claims rappers are promoting fake advocacy 
Dave Chappelle surprises a couple with free seats to his stand-up show after they were scammed out of $500 thanks to a Craig'slist ploy
Lady Mary Charteris looks ethereal in a plunging lilac floral maxi dress at the Ryan Lo show during London Fashion Week
'You'll get used to the color orange in prison': Ivanka Trump is mocked online as she wears bright $4,300 Oscar de la Renta dress to attend Munich Security Conference meeting
Cardi B and Offset shower strippers with dollar bills during romantic Valentine's Day celebration... before she strips off for luxurious bubble bath
Ronan Keating's daughter Missy, 17, discusses how her father inspired her to get into music as she auditions for The Voice UK alongside pal
Daisy Lowe displays her chic style in a lilac shirt dress with ruffle detailing as she attends the Bora Aksu show at LFW
Memories of Diana: Kensington Palace announces a new exhibition of the late royal's fashion - including a Catherine Walker evening gown
Celebs Go Dating's Megan McKenna shows off her sizzling physique in a leopard print swimsuit as she takes a break from filming with ex Pete Wicks
Back on home turf! Elsa Pataky shows off her slims pins and midriff as she dons a dark blue ensemble at fashion launch in her native Spain
EXCLUSIVE: Ant McPartlin's ex wife Lisa Armstrong brushes off marriage woes with Valentine's Day £8.80 all-you-can-eat Chinese buffet
Emily Atack looks effortlessly chic in a lilac jumper and skirt as she reunites with James McVey to reveal which I'm A Celeb co-star is the crudest
Ellie Goulding dazzles in bridal white as she enjoys romantic Valentine's Day date with fiancé Caspar Jopling in LA 
'Thanks for making this normal': Kate Upton is praised on Instagram for 'normalizing' breast-feeding - after the mom-of-one shared a photo of herself pumping before her Valentine's date 
Felicity Jones had 'gnarly and pointed British teeth' capped to replicate Ruth Bader Ginsburg's 'perfectly formed smile' in On The Basis Of Sex
James Corden hilariously spoofs tidying expert Maria Kondo with the help of action star Jean-Claude Van Damme for Late Late Show skit
Bethenny Frankel, 48, looks every inch in love with her younger beau Paul Bernon, 41, as they pose side-by-side on Valentine's Day
David Beckham shares sweet snap as his wife Victoria and daughter Harper are surprised with lots of Valentine's Day gifts
Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry displays her hourglass curves in a pale pink mini-dress as she hits 'The Toon' with her co-stars on Valentine's Day
TOWIE's Amber Turner puts on an eye-popping display in a nude mini during Valentine's night out... after becoming latest victim of HUGE cast cull
Liam Gallagher's son Lennon looks the double of his rocker dad as he models a turquoise knitted shirt during LFW  
Kelly Brook slips her curves into a colourful floral dress as she arrives for work at Heart radio
Hoda Kotb throws a Sesame Street party for her daughter's second birthday - as she and partner Joel don 'mom' and 'dad' tees for the occasion
Coleen Rooney celebrates her youngest son Cass Mac's first birthday with sweet Instagram post amid Wayne's barmaid bender drama 
Elizabeth Hurley, 53, flashes her cleavage in a low-cut top as she enjoys a girls' night out for Valentine's Day 
Love Island's Georgia Steel looks incredible in a microscopic bikini on a break from Celebs Go Dating filming
Sam and Billie Faiers pen heartfelt messages to age-defying mum Suzanne Wells as she celebrates 50th birthday
Revealed: Pointless host Richard Osman is dating pint-sized jazz singer Sumudu Jayatilaka - who is 17 INCHES shorter than the 6ft 7in star
Liam Gallagher's daughter Molly Moorish rocks an edgy ensemble as she joins Rocco Ritchie's chic ex Kim Turnbull at chic Adidas bash
Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez buy Jeremy Piven's Malibu beach house for bargain $6.6 million... after actor slashed price by nearly $4million
Picking up women by  double-dating with your mum was one of the more unusual ways to find love on First Dates: Valentine's Special, by Jim Shelley
Megan McKenna looks sensational in a mustard yellow bardot dress as she cosies up to ex Pete Wicks for Celebs Go Dating in Tenerife
Davina McCall giggles as she leaves a gym class with a friend after admitting she fakes being happy following split from her husband of 17 years
Sofia Richie calls Scott Disick her 'Sweet Valentine' as lovebirds enjoy date night at San Diego movie theater
Lily Allen has No Shame as she parties with adult film stars at G-A-Y Porn Idol 2019... days after wrapping her world tour in Australia
Vicky Pattison poses poolside in a nude bikini as she shares how many attempts it takes to get the perfect holiday snap
Rochelle Humes raises eyebrows as she jokes about not getting 'any love sausage' from husband Marvin on Valentine's Day
Holby City and Casualty to CROSS OVER for the first time in 14 years... as two part special sees the hospital plunged into chaos by cyber attack
Hunted Chief Peter Bleksley confirms he has QUIT the show after catching all the fugitives for the first time... as furious viewers brand finale a FIX
Smothered in love! Iggy Azalea flashes her shapely legs as she shares a very cuddly embrace with rapper boyfriend Playboi Carti on Valentine's Day
Katie Price's ex Kieran Hayler packs on PDA with girlfriend Michelle Penticost... after he claimed he'd 'become a daddy again' in attention-seeking post
Beyoncé shows off her cleavage in a deeply plunging geometric print suit as she poses in a statement hat for a series of arty Instagram snaps
Jennifer Lopez shares revealing snap in bed with Alex Rodriguez before wrapping their arms around each other on beach for Valentine's Day 
Kendall Jenner bites into shoe in hilarious game with Jimmy Fallon as she reveals Kylie used to eat 'ice cream and pomegranates' for breakfast
Love Island star Alexandra Cane confirms new romance with handsome estate agent Adam Theobald as couple go public on Valentine's Day
Tara Reid celebrates Valentine's Day with racy red lace stockings and white fishnet tights for dinner in LA     
Blac Chyna and Soulja Boy CONFIRM romance rumours as they get very hands-on during a Valentine's Day shopping date
Courteney Cox, 54, reveals she stopped using fillers 'because she didn't look like herself' as she admits she had a 'hard time accepting her age'  
Will Smith explains why he turned down The Matrix to do Wild Wild West: 'I'm not proud of it'
Shailene Woodley guzzles champagne straight out of the bottle as she stands beside a despairing Richard Branson at Virgin Scarlet Night Party
Tommy Lee and social media star Brittany Furlan announce their Valentine's Day wedding with sweet snap of their two dogs
Pink admits she needed 13 STITCHES after slashing her husband Carey Hart's tyres during 'stressful' Thanksgiving
Ben Affleck leads a group of ex-military on a violent thrill-ride to rob a drug lord in the new trailer for Netflix film Triple Frontier
Hilary Duff shares funny Valentine's Day tale of baby daughter Banks crying over 'wrong color'rose
Why William and Harry ditched the daytime tie: Princes are adopting a 'smart casual' style to seem more relatable (but the Queen doesn't approve of open collar) 
Game Of Thrones fans will enjoy 'dramatically and emotionally thrilling' finale, HBO president Casey Bloys reveals 
Sebastian Stan goes from Winter Soldier to backwoods drama as he replaces Chris Evans in Netflix's The Devil All The Time
Justin Timberlake shares sweet photo of him kissing wife Jessica Biel as they enjoy Valentine's Day
Kaia Gerber suits up in a structured coat for Valentine's Day outing with model Wellington Grant 
Jenna Dewan goes solo while cutting a casual figure as she celebrates first Valentine's Day since split from Channing Tatum
Kevin Bacon serenades wife of 30 years Kyra Sedgwick playing Joni Mitchell's A Case of You on a ukulele for Valentine's Day
Cindy Crawford enjoys a romantic dinner date with husband Rande Gerber for Valentine's Day
Ariana Grande spends Valentine's Day rehearsing for her Sweetener tour and promoting her Thank U, Next album and merchandise
Lily Collins nails casual chic in chunky jumper and frayed jeans as she goes healthy grocery shopping 
Pointless' Richard Osman is on Valentine's mini-break in Austria with jazz singer Sumudu Jayatilaka - who is 19 inches shorter than the 6ft 7in TV star 
Bradley Cooper during appearance on The Late Show gushes about A Star Is Born co-star Lady Gaga
Pete Davidson compared himself to Kevin Federline in comedy clip snapped before his split with Ariana Grande
Lacey Chabert radiates in red as she promotes new Valentine movie at Hallmark's Home and Family
Luann de Lesseps jokes that she's 'guilty of being fabulous' following 2017 drunken arrest in RHONY promo
Mary J. Blige shines in neon yellow pantsuit at Toronto premiere for Netflix's The Umbrella Academy
Alessandra Ambrosio and beau Nicolo Oddi exchange kisses on the sand in sweet Valentine's Day post
Million Dollar Listing Los Angeles: Josh Altman hosts funky open house to sell custom Venice home
Grimm co-stars Elizabeth Tulloch and David Giuntoli announce arrival of baby daughter Vivian with sweet snap
Kaley Cuoco gets adorable new rescue puppy for Valentine's Day from husband Karl Cook 
Rooney EXC: Coleen ditches wedding ring as she steps out WITH Wayne amid claims she wants him to enter rehab after barmaid bender 
Tatum O'Neal wishes her dad Ryan O'Neal happy Valentine's Day in an emotional Instagram post: 'I am me because of you'
Emma Roberts shares kiss with boyfriend Evan Peters as they enjoy Valentine's Day in NYC
Aquaman's Jason Momoa set to join an already star-studded cast for Dune reboot film
Eliza Dushku bares baby bump on NYC red carpet after announcing she's expecting her first child with husband Peter Palandjian
Fresh Prince of Bel-Air star Alfonso Ribeiro can't copyright his moves for the 'Carlton' dance which he is suing creators of Fortnite video game over
Paddington Bear will air CGI series on Nickelodeon next year... with Ben Whishaw voicing the character
Jennifer Garner gets caught in the rain after workout as Ben Affleck holds hands with son Samuel arriving to talk show 
Rebecca Romijn flaunts her age-defying model good looks as she steps out in NYC for press tour 
Dane Cook, 46, sweetly holds hands with girlfriend Kelsi Taylor, 20, as they head to Jimmy Kimmel Live! on Valentine's Day
Did Empire star STAGE hate crime on himself to save his job? Jussie Smollett is accused of setting up MAGA racist and homophobic attack 
Brad Pitt to produce a documentary about Soundgarden's Chris Cornell with director Peter Berg
Harvey Weinstein's abandoned Tribeca office is finally sold, and the casting couch where he's accused of making sexual advances 'disposed of'
Countdown star Rachel Riley's fans voice concern over her slim physique after she revealed she has turned to a 'vegan diet to help health problems'
Abbey Clancy cradles her baby bump in stunning taupe gown as she leads the glamour at the Fabulous Fund Fair in London 
Kim Kardashian shows off her legs in her nightwear (but it's still less revealing that THAT dress)
Pregnant Myleene Klass, 40, looks fresh-faced as she covers her baby bump with a 'Happy' jumper while out with eldest daughter Ava, 11
Brooklyn Beckham's girlfriend Hana Cross wears VERY low-cut blouse for evening out with her beau
Laureus World Sports Awards 2019: Novak Djokovic shares a kiss with wife Jelena whilst Cesc Fàbregas snuggles up to Daniella Semaan on red carpet
Spencer Matthews SLAMMED for 'wooden' presenting style during GMB debut as he apologises for his 'lack of experience' and vows to 'improve with time'
EastEnders star Hetti Bywater flaunts her  figure in a khaki swimsuit... as she continues to ignore body-shaming 'haters'
Teresa Giudice puts her newly surgically enhanced breasts on show in a swimsuit on Miami Beach
Kim and Khloe Kardashian file to trademark kids' names to put on clothing, toys and skincare as Kylie Jenner registers 'Stormiworld'
Lottie Moss commands attention in not one but two retro looks as she storms the catwalk for charity fashion show during LFW
Una Healy displays her svelte figure in chic two-piece for charity LFW show... days after ex Ben Foden admits he cheated during their marriage
Millie Mackintosh cuts a chic figure in statement black jacket and red dress at charity LFW show
Kimberley Garner puts on a VERY busty display in velvet corset and maxi skirt at LFW gala 
'Most beautiful girl in the world' Thylane Blondeau, 17, looks chic in a ruched little black dress at LFW gala
Tigerlily Taylor turns heads in a figure-hugging semi-sheer bodice and skirt as fellow famous offspring Pixie Geldof wows in metallic gown at gala
Eva Longoria shows off svelte figure as she dances in her swimsuit just 7 months after giving birth
Victoria's secrets: From a toothbrush for her hair to tequila to pep her up and a VERY messy bedroom...she reveals all for her new YouTube account 
Kourtney Kardashian is the 'most annoying mom' as her dance moves embarrass son Mason
Inside Victoria Beckham's LFW after party: Host Derek Blasberg insists he didn't realise drag Posh Spice would have a beard
George Of The Jungle hunk Brendan Fraser is unrecognizable as he is seen out to dinner in tight fitting T-shirt
Lauren Goodger flaunts her VERY ample derriere in bodycon beige co-ords as she lunches with gal pal Lauryn Goodman
Dancing On Ice's Vanessa Bauer 'asks show bosses to be moved to the SAME hotel as Wes Nelson amid claims she fancies the pants off him'
Khloe Kardashian is a dead ringer for Kylie Jenner in sultry Instagram snap as she talks about love in cryptic caption
Lindsey Vonn dazzles in cream lace gown at the Laureus World Sports Awards days after retiring from skiing 
Kim Kardashian shocks in outrageous vintage '98 Thierry Mugler gown with restrictive cut-out sections to attend beauty awards 
Are the amount of anti-ageing creams on the market giving you frown lines? Our expert reveals why Hyaluronic Acid and AHA are the essential ingredients you should be looking out for... but HOW do they work?
Jess Wright cuts a sultry figure in array of bikinis as she shares final snaps of her sun-kissed holiday in Mexico
Rod Stewart, 74, shows off his signature dapper style in silver tuxedo blazer as he enjoys rare outing with daughter Ruby, 31, in LA
Miranda Lambert met her new husband Brendan McLoughlin 'three days' before he became a dad... and married him less than three months later
Shamima Begum's baby should be taken off her, Denise Welch says as Gemma Atkinson joins celebs saying jihadi bride should NOT be let back 
Kim Kardashian celebrates her onetime BFF Paris Hilton's birthday as she shares bikini throwbacks of the pair
NeNe Leakes plays with patterns by donning leopard print and camouflage outfits in NYC
American Idol alum Danny Gokey and wife Leyicet reveal they are expecting their fourth child in six years
Dancing On Ice studio proposal: Crew member stuns his girlfriend when he pops the question on the ice... (although the moment wasn't aired)
Keira Knightley wows in striking tulle gown as she leads the style on the red carpet at The Aftermath premiere in London
Alexa Chung cuts a stylish figure in leather trousers as she turns out for Emilia Wickstead show at LFW
'We're just not getting on right now': Love Island's Adam Collard admits he's struggling to get over Zara McDermott as he breaks his silence on split
Andrea Corr, 44, showcases her enviable physique in black bikini top and scallop briefs as she soaks up the sunshine on Barbados break
Daisy Lowe exudes Gothic glamour as she and model boyfriend Cameron McMeikan lead the line-up at Aspinal's LFW presentation
Arsene Wenger and Novak Djokovic walk the red carpet as sporting superstars arrive for Laureus World Sports Awards in Monaco
Jenna Dewan and her new boyfriend Steve Kazee take her daughter on a day out to Disneyland... as he calls her 'my love'
Maria Fowler insults ANOTHER child in tweet from 2016... after Kady McDermott is faced with death threats for branding the star's daughter, two, 'vile'
Tish Cyrus poses in front of a giant locker full of marijuana... after her daughter Miley said she 'smoked a lot of weed'
Gigi Hadid puts on a stylish display in a blazer as she joins casually clad Alessandra Ambrosio in Milan ahead of Fashion Week
Netflix CANCELS The Punisher and Jessica Jones... the streaming service's last two Marvel series
Liam Gallagher claims brother Noel will SUE him if he uses footage of himself performing Oasis hit Live Forever at One Love Manchester gig in new documentary
Drake bought an 18-karat white gold diamond-studded phone case for a reported $400,000
Red carpet running shoes! Prince Albert of Monaco pairs his suave tuxedo with TRAINERS as he attends the Laureus World Sports Awards
Life On Mars is to get Mandarin adaptation with hero police officer sent back to 1990s Beijing as part of bid to 'captivate Chinese audiences'
Cameron Diaz rocks black leather boots and eye-popping red shades as she flashes a big smile on New York City outing with a female pal
Queen and Adam Lambert will perform at the Oscars where Freddie Mercury biopic Bohemian Rhapsody will battle it out for five awards
Revealed: Giovanni Ribisi and Emily Ward have welcomed TWINS... naming babies Enzo and Maude
Louisa Lytton wows in a skintight pink bodycon PVC dress as the EastEnders star celebrates her 30th birthday in style
'Is this for poo?' Jameela Jamil shares a snap of bizarre £290 jeans featuring a zip that fastens at the rear - with followers sharing hilarious suggestions
Donna Air, 39, enjoys a rare outing with her daughter Freya Aspinall, 15, at Aspinal of London Fashion Week show
Kourtney Kardashian and her pal Blink-182's Travis Barker head to Nobu for sushi after Kanye West's Sunday Service
Andy Cohen awkwardly explains to Kim Zolciak why she wasn't invited to his baby shower after she calls him out on it during WWHL
Checkmate! Queen Letizia of Spain steps out in chic black and white number as she attends the arts ceremony in Andalusia
Pixie Geldof takes to the catwalk in casual monochrome tracksuit and minimal make-up for Pringle Of Scotland LFW show
Maya Jama looks cute in a 90s style checked skirt and trainers as she joins Jourdan Dunn and Lara Stone at Christopher Kane's LFW show
The 1975 star Matt Healy reveals he was 'slapped about for being different' before finding fame.... as he reveals art is his salvation after overcoming addiction
Love Island's Megan Barton Hanson displays her derrière in a nude thong during topless spray tan as she makes not-so subtle dig at ex Wes Nelson
Naomi Campbell, 48, appears shocked as she gets a message on her phone outside hotel amid romance with Liam Payne, 25
Kim Kardashian reveals she nearly missed Kanye West's epic V-Day surprise.... because she was rushing to volunteer at North's school 
Andrea McLean apologises to Loose Women viewers after Denise Welch makes a shock admission about a SEX TOY on the lunchtime show
Love Island's Hayley Hughes puts on a leggy display in a snakeskin print dress as she moves on from DJ Tom Zanetti
Christine Lampard says she 'still can't believe' she's a mother as she reflects on the emotional moments leading up to birth of baby daughter Patricia 
T.I. and Tiny Cottle suspend reality show after rapper's sister is rushed to intensive care after car crash
Kym Marsh was 'inconsolable' on the 10th anniversary of son Archie's death but found 'comfort' by hearing unborn grandson's heartbeat 
Dancing On Ice's Jane Danson was overwhelmed with emotion before shock collapse because she rehearsed on the 11-year anniversary of her father's death
EXCLUSIVE: Jussie Smollett appeared in a play about a biracial, gay sports star who endures attacks similar to his just HOURS before his 'assault'
TOWIE's Chloe Lewis displays her sartorial flair in green pantsuit at Paul Costelloe's LFW presentation after falling victim to ITVBe show's cast cull
Kym Johnson-Herjavec poses with her twins in a bikini... just nine months after they were born
Dancing On Ice: Viewers accuse 'lovebirds' Wes Nelson and Vanessa Bauer of taking swipe at Megan after they skate to Labyrinth hit JEALOUS
Love Island's Laura Anderson sizzles in grey crochet bikini as she soaks up the sun in Dubai... after sharing glimpse at 'cringe' audition video
'How do you change diapers?' Khloe Kardashian mummy-shamed after sharing a picture of long NAILS - as followers insist she can't look after True 
Vicky Pattison poses for ANOTHER bikini-clad throwback snap as she pines for 'cocktails and making very questionable decisions'
Louise Redknapp and Amber Davies look worse for wear as they leave 9-5: The Musical gala night... after partying up a storm with Dolly Parton
Daisy Lowe showcases her flair for fashion in chic floral mini dress as she joins stylish Alexa Chung and Dianna Agron at Erdem LFW show
Michelle Dockery looks sensational in teal floral dress as she reunites with Downton Abbey co-star Laura Carmichael at Erdem's LFW show
Joan Collins, 85, turns heads in a sequinned dress and cropped leather jacket at Erdem LFW show... as she reveals she's in talks for a biopic
Emily Blunt dons denim jumpsuit in New York City... before twinning in tuxes with her husband John Krasinski
Kerry Katona is back on 'great terms' with ex Brian McFadden as daughter begs her 'not to put her tongue down men's throats' in Celebs Go Dating love quest
Kelly Brook channels Clueless character Cher in checked blazer and matching skater skirt as she heads to work at Heart Radio
Strictly's Vick Hope shows off her toned figure in a tiny printed bikini as she relaxes on the beach in Mexico
Tori Spelling and Dean McDermott check out a mansion in Calabasas during house hunting excursion amid ongoing financial issues
Jenna Coleman reveals the toe-curling moment she thought a cashier was asking her out when he was actually offering her a MEAL DEAL
April Love Geary jokes 'I don't remember not being pregnant' as she prepares to welcome second baby within a year 
Love Island's Dr Alex George romance with Amelia Bath gets serious as he introduces her to his family while celebrating his 28th birthday
Sadie Frost admits she's 'ready' for her children to move out because she's been 'worrying about domestic stuff for over 30 years'
Olivia Colman's promise to 'get p***ed' after the BAFTAs is poked fun at as Cecily Strong impersonates the 'squiffy' actress on Saturday Night Live
Victoria Beckham dances up a storm with Spice Girls tribute drag act as she celebrates her A/W 2019 collection and YouTube channel at wild LFW bash
Vogue Williams looks chic in a lemon blazer dress as Spencer Matthews brushes off criticism of GMB reporting debut at Paul Costelloe's LFW show 
Dua Lipa keeps casual in a tie-up crop top and electric blue joggers as she heads to rehearsals for the BRIT Awards 
Nicole Scherzinger attends Hollywood Beauty Awards as she's seen for the first time since intimate video with ex Lewis Hamilton 'is leaked online'
EastEnders star Linda Davidson teases return of 'Punk Mary'... as Tom Watt admits it was 'right' to reprise the role of Lofty for Dr Legg's funeral
Helen McCrory and Damian Lewis cosy up on the FROW at Roksanda show during London Fashion Week
Brooklyn Beckham's girlfriend Hana Cross sizzles in white satin cami as she shares gushing post to her beau during his mother Victoria's LFW bash
Paul O'Grady is left heartbroken after pet dog Bullseye dies following an abrupt epileptic seizure
Kelly Brook dresses down in skinny jeans and a fur-look coat as she enjoys a London weekend with boyfriend Jeremy Parisi
Alexa Chung dazzles in a bold pink and red cut-out dress as she parties at Victoria Beckham's YouTube London Fashion Week event
Blac Chyna and Soulja Boy 'were pretending to date in order to get revenge on her ex Tyga... but now have real feelings for one another'
Justin Hartley gives Ellen DeGeneres 'my best James Bond' as This Is US star becomes latest to be linked to 007
Newlyweds Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth dress down in jeans and hoodies for a date night in Malibu
Anguish for Lewis Hamilton and his ex Nicole Scherzinger as home video of them 'kissing and cuddling' in bed 'is leaked online by hackers'
Gemma Atkinson shows off her baby bump to demonstrate pregnancy workout as she reveals she enjoys 'training for my baby'
Gemma Collins oozes confidence as she slips into a strappy black swimsuit to perform a sassy shimmy
Holly Willoughby exudes elegance in a teal fishtail gown as she hosts Dancing On Ice... after sharing rare sweet snap of son Chester, four, on social media
Olivia Buckland showcases her bold sense of style in Kappa culottes and white stilettos as she steps out with beau Alex Bowen at LFW
Coronation Street SPOILER: Chesney's romantic caravan break with girlfriend Gemma gets VERY dirty... as he is caked in mud during filming
Ronnie Wood, 71, and wife Sally, 41, look the picture of happiness as they head out for dinner date in Hollywood 
Former Made In Chelsea star Tabitha Willett slams Chanel for keeping dogs in 'tiny cages' overnight in Sloane Street store 
Sean Bean, 59, reveals he is ready for more children after marrying fifth wife Ashley Moore, 33... as he admits age has helped him reflect on his past mistakes
Eddie Redmayne wears bug-themed suit as he cosies up to his leather-clad wife Hannah Bagshawe at Alexander McQueen fashion dinner
Thandie Newton holds hands with lookalike daughter Nico Parker, 13, as they jet out of LAX ahead of teen's starring role in Dumbo
Tara Reid is put through her paces as she works out in the park while showing off her planking skills
S Club 7's Hannah Spearritt admits it felt 'incredible' to welcome daughter Téa with Adam Thomas after suffering two miscarriages
Mark Ronson puts on a loved-up display with musician girlfriend Rebecca Schwartz as they grab a coffee in NYC 
Halsey flaunts bikini body with rumored beau Yungblud on luxury yacht off the coast of Sydney
Darren Criss and Mia Swier beam after getting married in New Orleans in front of his Glee co-stars
Sofia Richie displays her toned abs in an electric pink bikini while enjoying a sun-soaked yacht voyage in Miami with boyfriend Scott Disick
Tamzin Outhwaite and her daughter, 10, 'are left scared they would be separated' after immigration refused her entry into India for a yoga holiday 
Viewers reel from explosive cliffhanger to BBC's Baptiste after lead female character is revealed to be transgender 
I think most men would like to have sex with me, says BBC's new transgender star: Chilean-born actress reveals why she got role in new thriller Baptiste 
Kim Kardashian enjoys bonding day with her daughters North and Chicago and shares cute snap of the siblings
Kim Kardashian DENIES that daughter North, 5, has a BOYFRIEND already after Consequence's son Caiden Mills calls her his 'boo'
Tristan Thompson spent Valentine's Day 'hitting up girls' at LA bar amid claims he and Khloe Kardashian are 'done for good'
Gisele Bündchen flaunts her model figure in a white bra and bikini bottoms to hit the surf with Tom Brady during family trip to Costa Rica
Emily Blunt rocks a matching tux with husband John Krasinski at the 2019 Writers Guild Awards
Coleen Nolan reveals daughter Ciara, 18, told her to divorce Ray Fensome as she reflects on tough year that saw her receive death threats & hospitalised 
Miley Cyrus cuddles up with mom Tish and kisses precious pup on head as she shares more behind-the-scenes wedding photos
Simon Le Bon, 60, sports nothing but a TINY pair of swimming trunks as he emerges from the sea during solo beach day in the Cayman Islands
Gigi Hadid sports slicked fringe and bleached eyebrows as she joins Irina Shayk on the Burberry runway during London Fashion Week
Kylie Minogue, 50, and Dolly Parton, 73, look angelic in white as they lead the stars at 9-5: The Musical gala night
Steven Tyler, 70, wraps his arm around girlfriend Aimee Preston, 30, at Hollywood Beauty Awards
Ciara puts her midriff and ample assets on display in skin-tight black leather jumpsuit at the Hollywood Beauty Awards
Ashlee Simpson dazzles in a black sequin dress as she steps out at the Hollywood Beauty Awards with husband Evan Ross
Nina Dobrev looks glamorous in a one-shoulder gown and vampy make-up for the Hollywood Beauty Awards in LA
Dolly Parton hits the West End: Stage remake of classic film 9 to 5 tries to be #MeToo the musical but ends up as a limp pantomime
Rosé all day: Malia Obama, 20, spotted sipping on a $80 bottle of Whispering Angel with three friends at Miami Beach pool party
Travis Scott buys one-year-old daughter Stormi a diamond chain necklace featuring lightning bolt
Ariana Grande adds to her 5feet frame as she steps out in platform Nike Cortez sneakers on errand run in LA
Frankie Grande shares emotional message as he reaches 20 months sober... after recently splitting up with a married couple
Coleen Rooney spends quality time with dad Tony as she heads to church after Wayne's barmaid drama 
Brooklyn Beckham and brother Cruz don hair extensions as they mess around backstage at mum Victoria's  London Fashion Week show
Victoria Beckham storms the catwalk as David and the children show their support from the FROW at her London Fashion Week show
David Beckham pokes fun at daughter Harper and Anna Wintour's 'twinning' moment as the celeb offspring debuts chic fringed bob at Victoria's LFW show
Jamie Lynn Sigler sparkles in black and gold dress at WGA Awards in Beverly Hills
Mandy Moore steps out in LA after pledging her support for Phoebe Bridgers and Karen Elson amid Ryan Adams sexual misconduct allegations
21 Savage wanted to bring gun in club and yank opening act from stage, says club owner who had felony warrant put on rapper after ICE arrest
Angelina Jolie cuts a chic figure in black ensemble as she goes shopping with daughter Vivienne
Jussie Smollett still has NOT 'made himself available' to Chicago police despite claims the Empire star orchestrated the attack
Alison Brie shimmers in glamorous sequined dress at the West Coast Writers Guild Awards
Reese Witherspoon enjoys slow dance with husband Jim Toth as they are serenaded to My Girl at Harlem Globetrotters game
Karlie Kloss stuns in leather pants and black jacket at NBA All-Star Game with husband Joshua Kushner
Justin Bieber skateboards down streets of NYC to meet wife Hailey Baldwin for lunch... as he continues to seek treatment for depression
Real Housewives Of Atlanta: Porsha Williams accepts sweet marriage proposal from Dennis McKinley
Sofia Richie and Scott Disick look casual cool while enjoying a lavish weekend of fun in the sun in Miami
Lil Xan reveals he's expecting first child with girlfriend Annie Smith... just five months after split with Noah Cyrus
Gabrielle Union is all-smiles in vibrant yellow coat and colorful dress for sweet family snaps with Dwyane Wade and daughter Kaavia
Fyre Festival's Ja Rule 'should stick to rapping' says KAABOO Cayman organizer as he tells rapper to 'stay in his lane'
Courtney Stodden flaunts her famous curves in a skimpy grey slip as she flashes a seductive pose on the streets of Los Angeles
Jared Leto growls as he shows off his muscular chest in a shirtless video before touring London on crutches with a friend
Call The Midwife's Jessica Raine dresses blossoming baby bump in a plum cardigan on romantic stroll with husband Tom Goodman-Hill
Jessica Alba bundles up in a black duster and jeans with cow print boots while shopping in Beverly Hills
Denzel Washington honors his longtime hair stylist Larry Cherry at Hollywood Beauty Awards
Daisy Lowe is radiant in glam black dress as she steps out for Mercedes-Benz event at London Fashion Week
Amber Davies addresses Liam Payne romance rumours and confesses that she gets 'nervous' when she bumps into ex Kem Cetinay
Brielle Biermann admits her dad 'walked in on her' before Kim Zolciak and Kroy lecture daughter Ariana about not having sex on Don't Be Tardy
Emily Atack EXCLUSIVE: I'm A Celeb star sizzles in unretouched campaign for In The Style as she vows to stop airbrushing her images 
Ferne McCann looks chic in shoulder pad jacket and red flares as she enjoys a night on the town
La La Anthony flaunts her curves in lacy bra and shorts as she plays host at two NBA All-Star parties in Charlotte
Gordon Ramsay's pregnant wife Tana, 44, enjoys night out with daughter Holly, 19, at Victoria Beckham's LFW party 
Cindy Crawford wears a warm puffer coat during stroll in Soho with husband Rande Gerber
Blac Chyna beau Soulja Boy linked to felony vandalism probe by police after their tires are SLASHED while outside of his home
Matt Damon cools down with an ice-cream and refreshing drink as the laid-back star cuts a casual figure in Byron Bay 
Kimberley Garner puts on a leggy display in glittering golden mini dress as she parties in New York 
Alec Baldwin asks if Trump calling the media the 'enemy of the people' may 'constitute a threat to my safety' 
The Walking Dead: Alpha steps forward as head of Whisperers as daughter Lydia reveals physical abuse
Ellen DeGeneres gives away $1 million to her audience of good Samaritans
April Love Geary flaunts baby bump in tight black shirt as she heads to the market in Malibu
Joan Collins, 85, dazzles in sequins as she and fifth husband Percy Gibson bring show Unscripted to London Palladium
BlocBoy JB is 'wanted' by sheriff's office in Tennessee for allegedly committing multiple crimes
Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt star Ellie Kemper is stylish in embellished black dress at WGA Awards
Julianna Marguiles dazzles in white sleeveless frock dotted with silver anchors at WGA Awards in NYC
Sarah Silverman rocks lace-up boots at WGA Awards... after having first-ever bikini wax
Blake Shelton 'did not get a heads-up' about ex-wife Miranda Lambert's surprise nuptials
WWE superstar Mike 'The Miz' Mizanian jokes 'he's still got it' as wife Maryse announces her second pregnancy
TOWIE's Amber Turner looks summery in canary yellow co-ord as she enjoys a night out with Shelby Tribble after falling victim to show's cull
Sophie Turner cuts a casually chic figure in bomber jacket as she cosies up to fiancé Joe Jonas in London
Ashley Roberts and Strictly beau Giovanni Pernice put on a cosy display as she supports Melody Thornton at Dancing On Ice
Carole Radziwill breaks her silence after mother-in-law Lee Radziwill's death at age 85
Lady Mary Charteris and Molly Moorish nail boho chic for Ashish show at London Fashion Week
Coleen Rooney has her wedding ring back ON as she leaves Washington with her children and a mountain of luggage (but no Wayne)
Lady Amelia Windsor and Clara Paget look chic in off-the-shoulder ensembles as they attend the Peter Pilotto A/W 2019 show at London Fashion Week
Real Housewives Of Orange County star Vicki Gunvalson confirms she has started filming Season 14, despite drama with Kelly Dodd
The Chainsmokers go wakeboarding in Grand Cayman after headlining KABOO with Zedd 
Best of friends! Joel Edgerton looks chummy with fellow movie star Luke Evans as they attend Victoria Beckham after party in London
Hilary Duff shares adorable video of herself playing with three-month-old daughter Banks 
Tristan Thompson keeps his head down as he leaves LA nightspot solo as it's claimed his relationship with Khloe is over
Jennifer Garner is ready for the wilderness as she enjoys some downtime with her children while on holiday in Montana 
Teen Mom 2's Jenelle Eason and David Eason 'are fighting' again but 'aren't broken up'
Rebecca Adlington wows in animal print top and leather skirt as she celebrates her 30th birthday with her new beau Andrew Parsons on night out
Dancing On Ice's James Jordan SCREAMS in agony as he dunks his arm into bowl of freezing water to cure elbow injury
Dancing On Ice: Jane Danson and Ryan Sidebottom are ELIMINATED in shock double-axing
Love Island's Gabby Allen turns heads in sheer ruffled shirt and checkered trousers as she joins beau Myles Stephenson at Pam Hogg's LFW show
Rapper Tekashi 6ix9ine, 22, 'might have to go into witness protection after giving up fellow gangsters following his plea deal with federal prosecutors
Drew Barrymore wigs out as milkmaid and homeless woman on the NYC set of The Stand-In
Cardi B relaxes make-up free as she encourages baby daughter Kulture to say momma again
Louise Redknapp dons plunging blazer dress at 9-5: The Musical gala... after she pulled out of the show following horror fall
Justin Bieber takes a boxing class at a UFC gym amid treatment for depression... and gets a visit from supportive wife Hailey
Kylie Jenner shows off huge diamond on THAT finger again... after getting ears re-pierced at tattoo parlor
Love Island's Megan Barton Hanson leaves nightclub with co-star Charlie Brake after 'gatecrashing' his ex Ellie Brown's 21st birthday bash
Laverne Cox sees the funny side when X-ray tech asks if she could be pregnant... as actress reveals she's fractured her foot
Jussie Smollett case to go to grand jury as it's alleged Empire star 'REHEARSED hoax attack with two Nigerian brothers who he paid $3,500 to assault him'
Charlize Theron enjoys a low key day at the cinema with her children August, two, and Jackson, five, in Hollywood
Victoria Beckham wows in poppy red dress as she toasts another London Fashion Week triumph over lunch with her family
Brooklyn Beckham is joined by elegant girlfriend Hana Cross as he supports mum Victoria from the front row at her London Fashion Week show
Gordon Ramsay's pregnant wife Tana, 44, covers her baby bump as she supports close friend Victoria Beckham at her London Fashion Week show
PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Meghan Markle bundles up in overcoat and newsboy cap as she makes a low-key outing in New York - after flying in for her baby shower
Abbey Clancy cradles her baby bump in stunning taupe gown as she leads the glamour at star-studded Fabulous Fund Fair in London
Coleen Rooney 'wants to be on Strictly or I'm A Celeb so the public will stop seeing her as the woman who has to clear up husband Wayne's mess'
Simon Cowell beams (displaying VERY white teeth)... after 'spending £30k on son Eric's Greatest Showman-themed birthday bash'
Brooklyn Beckham can't take his eyes off girlfriend Hana Cross as she wears VERY low-cut blouse at The Fabulous Fund Fair
Bikini-clad Olivia Culpo flaunts defined abs on Mexican beach after indulging in sugary churros
Amber Davies cosies up to Dolly Parton as she films behind-the-scenes TV show on 9 To 5 musical
Lottie Moss takes the plunge in lace as Paloma Faith shrouds herself in feathers at glitzy magazine bash 
Maya Jama sizzles in figure-hugging metallic mini dress as she hosts Fund Fair gala in London
Lara Stone's property mogul beau David Grievson gazes lovingly at the sequin-clad model as they attend Net-A-Porter LFW dinner
Alicia Keys is almost unrecognizable as she goes bowling with her family after her Grammy turn
Cardi B's oyster outfit is recreated by a mini lookalike as Toddlewood unveils its impressive pint-size red carpet looks
SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Lord Snowdon fends off publishers' calls for a 'dynamite' first-person memoir about his mum, Princess Margaret
Racy rock chick! Victoria's Secret model Shanina Shaik goes TOPLESS under a leather jacket teamed with skintight trousers
'He suddenly jumped me and started snogging me': Fern Britton reveals she once fought off a sex attack in a lift by a man she had just interviewed
Kimberley Garner puts on a VERY busty display in velvet corset and maxi skirt at Fund Fair gala
'Most beautiful girl in the world' Thylane Blondeau, 17, looks chic in a ruched little black dress at Fund Fair
Blake Lively bundles up in layers as she enjoys a make-up free lunch date in New York City  
'I adored him': Melody Thomas Scott pays tribute to her late The Young And The Restless co-star Kristoff St. John
Katie Holmes shares rare candid shot of daughter Suri during their snow-filled getaway  
Nicky Hilton looks edgy chic in black fitted pants and black leather jacket during stroll in NYC
Katy Perry and Orlando Bloom 'are planning a big engagement party for all their friends'... following Valentine's proposal
EastEnders SPOILER: Sharon and Martin are left in tears as Walford residents pay their respects at Dr Harold Legg's funeral
Madison Beer cuts a stylish figure in oversized hoodie as she performs intimate gig in London
Heavily pregnant Amy Schumer sneaks into a parade practice unnoticed in New Orleans
Travis Scott accidentally thanks wrong city during Astroworld concert stop in Kansas City
Ariana Grande takes to Twitter to support 'superhero' brother Frankie as he marks 20 months of sobriety
Keith Flint's 'heartbroken' ex-girlfriend Gail Porter breaks her silence following The Prodigy frontman's shock death aged 49 from 'suicide'
Kourtney Kardashian naked ambition! Reality star strips off to tease new business venture Poosh 
Gigi Hadid looks bold in yellow as she joins sister Bella for a dinner party during Paris Fashion Week
James Blunt pays tribute to Keith Flint's 'tremendous kindness' as he reveals the Prodigy star gave him a hug after other industry icons mocked him
Final picture: Keith Flint is seen competing in a 5k run just 48 hours before 'taking his own life after spiralling into depression following split from model wife'
Here's how to have a flipping good pancake day: Six surprising sweet and savoury recipes for this Shrove Tuesday
Gemma Collins and James Argent EXCLUSIVE: Couple confirm they are back together as they enjoy romantic trip to Paris following bitter breakup
Luke Perry dies aged 52 surrounded by his family, fiance and children days after the star was rushed to the hospital following a massive stroke
Brooklyn Beckham spends his 20th birthday with model girlfriend Hana Cross in Notting Hill
The Bachelor UK: FOUR women are brutally AXED in the first episode of the Channel 5 show after Mark Wright introduces new shock twists
Meg Mathews, 52, leaves NOTHING to the imagination as she flaunts her incredible physique in completely nude snap
Michael Jackson's daughter Paris 'fears Leaving Neverland documentary will ruin her acting career'
Kate Beckinsale is spotted solo in New York after confirming romance with Pete Davidson by packing on the PDA at hockey game
Poppy Delevingne displays her long legs in a minidress as she layers up in a chic trench coat at Paris Fashion Week
Danny Boyle 'quit as director of forthcoming 25th James Bond film' because bosses 'wouldn't let him KILL 007' to pave the way for a new era
Will Smith signs on to play Serena Williams' father Richard Williams in new biopic King Richard
Ben Affleck admits he 'still loves' ex-wife Jennifer Garner because she's a 'wonderful, great mom' as he talks coping with alcoholism 
Luke Perry's Beverly Hills 90210 co-star Ian Ziering and 'heart broken' Riverdale wife Molly Ringwald lead celebrity tributes to tragic star
PICTURED: Keith Flint's haunting last images from The Prodigy's final performance in New Zealand as musician is found dead aged 49 
Luke Perry's final film will be Once Upon a Time in Hollywood... as costar Leonardo DiCaprio remembers him as 'kindhearted and incredibly talented'
Andie MacDowell reveals she still has a 'huge bond' with Hugh Grant as they reunite for emotional Four Weddings And A Funeral sequel
EastEnders' Lucy Benjamin reveals she's considering returning to Walford as Lisa Fowler 'if the timing was right and the story was good'
Katie Price PIC EXCLUSIVE: Star sports white tracksuit as she takes Harvey to watch beau Kris Boyson play football amid claims they're 'on the rocks'
Kaia Gerber is the picture of elegance in sophisticated tailored trouser-suit as she attends private dinner party during Paris Fashion Week
Doutzen Kroes ensures all eyes are on her in barely-there minidress as she and pal Janelle Monáe head to Paris Fashion Week party
Michelle Yeoh exudes her former Bond girl glamour in full-length white gown on penultimate day of Paris Fashion Week
Alex Jones displays her baby bump in stylish navy dress as she departs BBC studios after The One Show
Oprah Winfrey attends pal Stella McCartney's Paris Fashion Week show as Michael Jackson fans send abuse after interview with his accusers
Millie Mackintosh goes braless in a red keyhole blouse and a pair of skintight PVC trousers on night out in London
Nick Grimshaw, 34, can't keep the smile from his face as he and boyfriend Meshach Henry, 22, leave BBC studios
Ben Affleck and Lindsay Shookus look smitten as they put on playful display at JFK airport amid reconciliation rumors
Jennifer Garner enjoys a walk with son Samuel in LA... after ex Ben Affleck admitted he still loves her and she's 'a great mom' to their three kids
Aladdin actress Naomi Scott vows to play a 'strong' Princess Jasmine as she talks about missing out on Hollywood roles in British Vogue interview
CRAIG BROWN: As occult fan Jimmy Page invites his popstar neighbour over for tea... could it be black magic for Robbie Williams? 
Flea cheers! Phoebe Waller-Bridge is back... with bags of bad taste: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS praises the return of BBC comedy Fleabag 
Phoebe Waller-Bridge showed she was as sensationally talented as Killing Eve suggested with season two of Fleabag, by Jim Shelley
Sian Gabbidon EXC: The Apprentice winner praises boyfriend Clint Gordon and sets her sights on getting the Kardashians to wear her swimsuit line
Mick Jagger's ex Luciana Giminez displays her lithe physique in thigh-skimming red outfit as she parties the night away at Rio Carnival
Jess Glynne cuts an elegant figure in vermilion trouser-suit as she takes to the stage in Milan during European leg of her Always In Between Tour
Lady Gaga scores first No. 1 in eight years as Shallow storms to top of Billboard Hot 100 post-Oscars
Luke Perry superfan comic Santina Muha reveals heartwarming story about the late actor visiting her in the hospital
Rita Ora and Professor Green lead the music industry tributes to The Prodigy frontman Keith Flint as he is found dead aged 49 after 'taking his own life'
Celebs Go Dating EXCL: Chelsee Healey confesses to Kerry Katona she may QUIT after 'losing all faith' in the dating agents
Parenting practice! Father-to-be Prince Harry meets a crying five-week-old baby during a visit to a Birmingham hospital
Davina McCall mocks chilling Momo craze by taking creepy selfie channeling terrifying social media doll
Liam Gallagher labels brother Noel 'a little mug' for signing to his record label Warner Music... despite wanting to be an 'independent artist'
Catastrophe star Rob Delaney admits he was 'worried he wouldn't like or bond with his new baby after losing his older son Henry to cancer aged two'
Coleen Rooney is spotted with her wedding ring back ON just days after ditching it again amid husband Wayne's latest drinking shame
Justin Theroux appears in high spirits as he lands in Paris after accusing his NYC neighbour of 'domestic abuse'
Scout Willis shows off her trim figure while picking up her dry cleaning in a crop top and ripped jeans
Alicia Vikander, 30, and Michael Fassbender, 41, hold hands as they enjoy cheerful walk during Paris Fashion Week
Julianne Moore defies her 58 years in black pantsuit and spiked stilettos for Late Show appearance
Padma Lakshmi discusses impostor syndrome in the 'male dominated' food industry as she makes stylish appearance at The Cut event
So awkward! Antoni Porowski's reaction to Kate Beckinsale and Pete Davidson's over-the-top tongue kissing is immortalized with memes
EastEnders' Danielle Harold returns to Albert Square as Lola Pearce as she's spotted filming scenes three years after leaving the show 
Katie Price brands ex Peter Andre a 'selfish hypocrite' for not letting her film with their children as Piers Morgan orders her to 'grow up'
The Chase star Mark Labbett shares a VERY saucy joke with Chizzy Akudolu about 'curvy girls getting on top'
'I was never happy enough with it': Ben Affleck says he couldn't 'crack' the script for The Batman as he explains his decision to abandon movie
Snooki shows off her large baby bump at Brooklyn event as she's over six months along into her third pregnancy
Jude Law and fiancée Phillipa Coan look loved-up on a romantic stroll in Rome days after confirming their engagement
Sienna Miller, 37, and gallery owner boyfriend Lucas Zwirner, 27, enjoy their first trip overseas as they touch down at Paris Fashion Week 
Hailey Baldwin embraces her low-key style in puffy jacket and sweatpants as she arrives at JFK after enjoying Paris jaunt for Fashion Week
Gisele Bündchen wades in the water wearing sheer white blouse and bikini bottoms for Vogue Germany... 20 years after her debut
Naomi Watts and ex Liev Schreiber appear to be on great terms as they smile in NYC while taking their kids to play soccer
EXCL: Kevin Spacey witness interviews reveal victim never told his girlfriend - and a waiter, a bartender and the owner of the bar saw no sexual assault 
Ben Affleck did ex-flame Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez's 10-day no-sugar, no-carb challenge and then binged on bagels
Ali Bastian EXCLUSIVE: Actress, 37, 'marries fiancé David O'Mahony in ceremony attended by  Hollyoaks'Jodi Albert and Sarah-Jayne Dunn'
Michelle Williams looks focused as she heads to the NYC set of her upcoming Fosse/Verdon show about Bob Fosse and dancer Gwen Verdon
Jermaine Pennant is 'BACK TOGETHER with wife Alice Goodwin following brief split'... after relationship was rocked by CBB's Chloe Ayling's cheating claims
Shannen Doherty says she 'cries' when she talks about 90210 co-star Luke Perry as she admits she has been 'in contact' with him after 'massive stroke'
Strictly's Janette Manrara poses NUDE for American Beauty-inspired shoot as she's confirmed in the professional dancer line-up for new series
Kaia Gerber sends powerful message with 'social media seriously harms your mental health' phone case in Paris with rumoured beau Wellington Grant
Lily James cuts a chic figure in a black and cream polka dot dress as she leads the star-studded glamour at the Into Film Awards in London
Reese Witherspoon, 42, looks youthful in yellow sweater as she stars in latest furniture ad for Crate & Barrel
Emilia Clarke among 16 Entertainment Weekly covers in honor of upcoming final season of Game Of Thrones
Queer Eye Season 3 trailer drops showing Fab Five making over their first lesbian: 'I went from being this lost teenager to being ... a fierce queen'
Victoria and David Beckham post sweet throwback snaps of Brooklyn and say they 'couldn't be prouder' as their eldest son turns 20 
Kate Beckinsale, 45, and Pete Davidson, 25, CONFIRM romance by passionately kissing in the stands at hockey game
Miley Cyrus pays heartbreaking tribute to former Voice contestant Janice Freeman, who died aged 33 from a blood clot: 'I miss you so much it hurts'
Nicki Minaj parades her legs in microscopic shorts and heels as she braves the rain on arrival in Oslo
Christina Aguilera has announced her first UK tour in 13 years and is set to perform all her greatest hits in a series of 'mother-nature' themed shows
Elizabeth Hurley, 53, nails feminine chic in a blush pink dress as she joins Georgia Toffolo, 24, for Turn The Tables charity lunch
Sheridan Smith transforms into Grindr serial killer victim's mother as she films harrowing scenes for new BBC drama The Barking Murders
Kelly Brook jazzes up her grey and black outfit with snakeskin print boots as she heads to work at Global radio studios
Pamela Anderson, 51, glows in a tight white turtleneck sweater as she entertains the audience at the 2019 Fan Expo in Vancouver
Cardi B reveals the hotel suite husband Offset had decorated with red rose petals for their romantic vacation in Mexico
Frankie Essex flaunts her sensational curves in a glitzy tangerine bikini as she enjoys sun-drenched Tenerife trip
Blac Chyna gives leggy display as she poses on a piano... amid reports she and ex Rob Kardashian are 'repairing relationship' for sake of Dream
Bethenny Frankel claims ex Jason Hoppy 'manhandled their daughter' Bryn... two years after he was arrested for harassing the RHONY star
Jessie James Decker shows off her slender figure in a bikini during vacation in Mexico with husband... 11 months after welcoming third child
Kristoff St. John's fiancee Kseniya Mikhaleva cannot attend his memorial service because of a visa issue... one month after his death
Vincent Cassel's, 52, model wife Tina Kunakey, 21, shows a hint of baby bump in champagne-coloured outfit at Stella McCartney PFW show
Kylie Jenner goes on designer shopping spree with new BFF Heather Sanders.... in wake of Jordyn Woods' cheating betrayal 
Mark Wright reveals he and wife Michelle Keegan are 'under pressure to have children' as TV host admits he's 'always broody'
Prince Harry urges families of 31 Britons killed in Tunisia terror attacks to 'talk about their grief unlike he did with his mother' as he unveils memorial
Amber Heard goofs around with Janelle Monáe at Giambattista Valli PFW show as ex Johnny Depp claims he can disprove domestic abuse allegations 
Jana Kramer hits back at mommy shamers after she posted her daughter having a temper tantrum... as singer says she is 'over' the criticism
P Diddy shares regret over not marrying his late ex Kim Porter as he says on social media post he 'played himself'
Breaking news! Former Today anchor Tamron Hall reveals she is PREGNANT at 48 - while also letting slip that she secretly got married
Danielle Staub SPLITS from fiance Oliver Maier just DAYS after announcing her 21st engagement
Shazam! trailer shows Zachary Levi's less-than-impressive superhero skills as he runs around town causing hilarious chaos
Holly's M&S range is sold once every 15 SECONDS as shoppers rush to snap up hits like the denim dresses - and the boiler suit is completely out of stock 
The Prodigy were booked to perform at Glastonbury 2019 Emily Eavis confirms as frontman Keith Flint is found dead at his Essex home aged 49
Gisele Bündchen and Tom Brady wear matching green coats and catch up with their kids on a walk in New York
Kanye West feels he is the 'godfather' of the Kardashian/Jenner family and has to be 'protective' of Khloe now that she's been burned by Tristan again
Brie Larson and Samuel L. Jackson channel Lady Gaga and Bradley Cooper as they erupt into a spontaneous Shallow cover 
'I want to live as long as possible': TV star Emma Willis reveals she stays in shape because she 'doesn't want to leave' her husband and children
Kim Kardashian's pal Larsa Pippen shares a pinup photo from Miami... after Jordyn Woods accused her of being a 'fake friend'
Zac Efron hobbles around on crutches as he emerges for the first time since his knee surgery
Kaia Gerber takes to the runway once more in a frilly white dress and woolly snood as Naomi Campbell rocks a red jacket in the FROW at Sacai PFW show
Kerry Katona claims son Max, 10, 'could have lost his eyes' in altercation with bullies as she says she 'wants to put her hands around their necks'
Jaden and Willow Smith rock laid-back lounge-wear from gender neutral clothing range as the stylish siblings step out at Paris Fashion Week
Myleene Klass shows off her baby bump as she holds hands with beau Simon Motson on city lunch date
Kaia Gerber, 17, poses with rumoured boyfriend Wellington Grant, 21, at Stella McCartney's Paris Fashion Week show as she rules the runway
Peyton List drops her good girl Disney image to pose in Latex for new Too Faced liquid eyeliner called Better Than Sex
Bella Hadid looks cool in a white shirt and cream trousers as she arrives at Louis Vuitton store during Paris Fashion Week
Malin Andersson reveals she's split from boyfriend Tom Kemp after heartbreaking death of their four-week-old daughter Consy
Green-fingered Prince Charles gets the go-ahead to build school for young gardeners tending to five acres at his £45m Scottish stately home 
Strictly announces pro line up for 2019 with fan favourites Oti Mabuse, Anton Du Beke and Kevin Clifton returning... but will Neil Jones get a celeb partner?
Stacey Solomon shows off baby bump in a red floral mini-dress after revealing she's been sleeping 'most of the day' and craving VINEGAR
Vicky Pattison dresses down as she departs Budapest hotel with beau Ercan Ramadan... after posting swimsuit selfie during last day of romantic break 
Gemma Collins 'set to join the cast of The Real Housewives Of Cheshire after filming secret scenes'... as she tries to move on from Arg and stalker drama
Dancing On Ice's Brian McFadden jokes he plans to 'sit on the coach and eat pizza' as he admits weight-loss from the skating show 'won't last'
Angelina Jolie is stylish in black dress and heels on outing with Pax, 15, and Vivienne, 10, in Los Angeles
Jennifer Lopez hires Joanna Gaines of Fixer Upper fame to renovate her $6.6m Malibu home
 Royal expert defends Duchess as he slams rumours of rift between Sussexes and Cambridges - insisting separate households were always planned
Gemma Atkinson proudly shows off her 'mini Marquez' baby bump in cute snap as she jokes about losing her six-pack abs
Maisie Williams cosies up to rumoured beau Reuben Selby as they attend two fashion shows... after revealing she used to kiss Sophie Turner during GoT 
'You have to be diplomatic': Duchess of Cornwall's hairdresser Jo Hansford reveals Clarence House made her sign confidentiality agreement 
Karlie Kloss is epitome of style in red maxi dress as she joins a stylish Alexa Chung on FROW at Stella McCartney's Paris Fashion Week show 
Kate Mara covers up her baby bump in khaki coat and hoodie as she touches down in Paris in the midst of Fashion Week
North West, 5, shows off her energetic dance moves at her father Kanye West's weekly Sunday Service in Los Angeles 
Johnny Depp claims he has multiple witnesses who can prove Amber Heard's domestic abuse allegations are false amid $50m lawsuit
Margot Robbie rocks gold dungarees and rollerskates as she shoots night scenes for Suicide Squad's all female spin-off Birds of Prey
Rami Malek looks giddy as he relaxes at the New York Rangers hockey game amid speculation he's tipped for next Bond villain 
Inside Game of Thrones star Nathalie Emmanuel's 30th birthday bash with a star-studded guest list, trapeze artist and speech by Vin Diesel
Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna are 'actively communicating and repairing their relationship' for the sake of their daughter Dream 
Love Island's Kem Cetinay reveals his BFF Chris Hughes is 'really happy' with Jesy Nelson (but he warns Little Mix singer not to take him away!)
Meghan's BFF Jessica spoils her ex-Canadian PM father-in-law Brian Mulroney with a private gig by Michael Bublé at his elegant 80th birthday party
Gwyneth Paltrow tells ex-husband Chris Martin 'we love you so much' as she shares sweet tribute to celebrate his 42nd birthday
Only Fools And Horses musical rakes in a MASSIVE £8m in under a month... smashing records for highest grossing pre-opening sales
Kelly Rowland shows off her amazing abs in a tiny crop top and leggings as she slips into lilac gym gear in Sydney
Natasha Hamilton EXCLUSIVE: Singer reveals her wedding plans to fiancé Charles Gay are on hold and says they are 'too busy' for baby number five 
Ant McPartlin and girlfriend Anne-Marie Corbett look smitten as they share a passionate kiss during low-key stroll with their new Maltipoo puppies
Date night! How the Duke and Duchess of Sussex kept a low profile to watch West End hit Tina: The Musical over the weekend
Kim Kardashian shows off her curves in chocolate brown ensemble as she heads to Kanye West's church with neon clad North and sister Kourtney
Piers Morgan claims he is 'so happy' to be back on GMB... but jokes that not everyone is as excited by his return as he pokes fun at Susanna Reid
Gigi Hadid makes a chic statement in an embellished mini dress as she joins stylish Winnie Harlow and Alexa Chung at Prada PFW bash
April Love Geary shares snap of 'best day of her life' as she holds her two girls together for first time after welcoming second child with Robin Thicke
 Gemma Collins is escorted from her home by police and protection security officers after she's left feeling 'scared and anxious' over her 'stalker hell' 
Line Of Duty season 5: Tense new trailer drops with MAJOR plot twist (but fans are NOT happy that show is described as being 'from the makers of Bodyguard')
Khloe Kardashian joins family outing to brother-in-law Kanye West's Sunday Service after saying Jordyn Woods 'is not to be blamed' for scandal
Mark Wright EXC: Star brands marriage to Michelle Keegan 'perfect' but has NO PLANS for kids... as he admits they wouldn't be together without TOWIE
American Idol: Katy Perry reveals she met fiancé Orlando Bloom when he 'swooped in' on her In-N-Out Burger at the 2016 Golden Globes
Lucy Mecklenburgh and Ryan Thomas look more loved up than ever as they enjoy a cosy lunch date in Manchester
Kristen Stewart looks effortlessly cool as she sports casual double denim to jet out of LAX and heads to Paris Fashion Week 
Michael Jackson accuser James Safechuck says the singer bought the Neverland Ranch for him - and then raped him daily
Chip and Joanna Gaines start hosting church service on their lawn after congregation loses worship space due to Texas freeway expansion 
Aidan Turner looks worlds away from Poldark in a suit as he wins Best Actor In A Play at the glitzy WhatsOnStage Awards
Ben Affleck and Lindsay Shookus make their reunion red carpet official as the exes attend Triple Frontier premiere 
Jenna Coleman, 32, insists she 'wants to see more of the world' before starting a family... as she poses for photoshoot inside Kensington Palace
Pete Davidson wraps his arm around Kate Beckinsale before the pair hold hands in New York... after enjoying a romantic night out at SNL afterparty
The Kardashian kids get mischievous as they play with water pistols in the parking lot at Kanye's Sunday service
Victoria's Secret Angels Lais Ribeiro and Lays Silva flaunt their statuesque figures in tube-tops and beaded shorts at Rio's Carnival in Brazil
Kim Kardashian is 'livid' and blames love-rat Tristan Thompson '100%' for cheating on sister Khloe with family friend Jordyn Woods
Megan Barton Hanson and ex Wes Nelson engage in X-rated conversation as the Dancing On Ice star 'asks her to perform explicit act'
James Argent admits it was 'pot, kettle, black' of him to 'fat-shame' Gemma Collins but believes snoring video was 'cute'... and thinks they need counselling
Real Housewives Of Atlanta: NeNe Leakes rips shirt off cameraman while blocking filming of closet
Hollyoaks star Emma Rigby strips off for steamy outdoor sex scene as she stars in new thriller The Protector
Denise Lewis, 46, cosies up to newborn son Troy in stunning shoot as she says her life has 'changed completely' since welcoming fourth child
Inside Adam Thomas' sprawling Manchester country home with princess-themed nursery, outdoor cinema, grand piano and stunning kitchen
Kevin Clifton reveals he 'doesn't miss alcohol' after going sober a year ago... as single star admits he's still not ready to start a family 
The Jonas Brother share several behind the scene looks of their Sucker music video starring Priyanka Chopra and Sophie Turner
Emily Atack reveals she is 'fat-shamed A LOT' but brushes off the remarks as she hits out at vile trolls
Offset's babymama Shya L'amour admits his wife Cardi B 'helped him grow tremendously' as a person
'He was loving and caring. And he also sexually abused me': Michael Jackson accusers Wade Robson and James Safechuck speak out 
The Walking Dead: Alpha decapitates Whisperers challenger as Daryl Dixon expertly tracks down Henry in latest dramatic episode
American Idol: Katy Perry wipes away tears and Luke Bryan struggles with his emotions on season 17 debut
Stephanie Davis, Emma McVey and Charlotte Dawson lead the tributes to friend Craig Bieszke after his sudden death
Olivia Colman looks unrecognisable as she plays a PROSTITUTE in one of her earliest acting roles in 2000 comedy series Bruiser
Proud wife alert! Pregnant Meghan gazes adoringly at Harry as she makes appearance with on stage at event celebrating young people 
Selma Blair makes a cheerful appearance after revealing she 'cried with RELIEF' at receiving MS diagnosis after 'years of living in pain' 
Outnumbered's Ramona Marquez looks a far cry from baby-faced Karen as she proudly shows off new dragon tattoo to mark 18th birthday
Billie Faiers and Greg Shepherd are married: Newlyweds pose in the Maldives... after holidaymakers brand their wedding guests 'drunken yobs'
No raining on Kate's parade! Duchess of Cambridge is all smiles as she wraps up in an olive £900 Sportmax coat for a trip to drizzly Blackpool with William
PIERS MORGAN: Kylie Jenner isn't a self-made billionaire, she's a selfie-made billionaire dimwit profiting off the back of her big sister's sex tape
Taylor Swift reveals her mother's cancer has returned as she addresses 'learning how to handle serious illness in my family' in an open letter for ELLE 
Luke Perry's family 'thought he could be pulled out of sedation after two days'... but had to make agonizing decision to 'take him off life support'
EastEnders' Dotty Cotton is unrecognisable nine years after leaving... as fans predict her return to steal millionaire gran's fortune
Kate Beckinsale dons a billowy blouse before changing into a striped coat in LA... after romantic weekend in New York with new love Pete Davidson
Rose McGowan says Michael Jackson fans need to accept that their hero 'was a bad man' after he is accused of abuse in Leaving Neverland
Ferne McCann slips into a skimpy lime green bikini as she soaks up the sun in the Maldives after best friend Billie Faiers' wedding
No warring wives here! Footage reveals Kate and Meghan giggling together as they shared a joke at a party for Charles after months of feud rumours
Celebs Go Dating EXCLUSIVE: Megan McKenna is left FUMING as she tells her date off after he arrives to their lunch hungover
Scotty T leaves contestant MORTIFIED as she has to reveal if the Geordie Shore star or her boyfriend is 'better in bed' on Your Face or Mine?
Janet Street-Porter says Kylie Jenner is a SHOCKING role model to young girls because she promotes lipstick after having fillers
Gogglebox star Jonathan Tapper sheds THREE STONE in just 12 weeks after diabetes diagnosis 'set alarm bells ringing'
'They sold them to me': R. Kelly's claims 'brainwashed' girlfriends' PARENTS 'handed' them to him in shock interview where he cries and screams
Megan Barton Hanson puffs on a cigarette with her hair in rollers as she rings in her 25th birthday on lavish spa break with her mother
Elle Macpherson admits it's 'easy to worry about how you look when your income depends on it' as a model as she reveals her wellness secrets 
Kerry Katona arrives at court accused of 'letting her children skip school' - after being warned she could face jail if she failed to attend hearing
Kate Beckinsale, 45, puts on a steely display as she promotes The Widow after toyboy ex Matt Rife, 23, advised new flame Pete Davidson, 25, to 'RUN'
Stacey Solomon reveals she WON'T take maternity leave because she only gets paid if she works... as she prepares to give birth to her third child
Kendall Jenner is wintertime chic in cream knit sweater and jeans as she chows down with pals in Los Angeles
Dancing On Ice judge Jason Gardiner issues an apology to Gemma Collins for calling her 'a fridge' amid 'fat-shaming' row 
Pregnant Myleene Klass, 40, reveals eldest daughter Ava, 11, is releasing her own music video with global piano sensation Lang Lang
James 'Arg' Argent strikes up an unlikely friendship with Winnie Harlow as he snaps selfie with 'incredibly beautiful'  supermodel during Paris break 
Katie Waissel admits being a single mum makes her feel like Superwoman as she reveals her two divorces haven't put her off finding love 
Orlando Bloom bizarrely carries dog Mighty in a drawstring bag following motorbike ride to lunch in LA... ahead of 'Disney wedding' to Katy Perry
Tess Daly cuts a stylish figure in Minnie Mouse Comic Relief t-shirt as she leaves BBC studios... ahead of 24-hour danceathon with Claudia Winkleman
Lottie Moss looks effortlessly chic in a fashionable pink coat and jeans on solo walk... as she laments the struggles of being single
Lauren Goodger showcases her assets in a TINY plunging black swimsuit... after accusing Mark Wright and Michelle Keegan of BLANKING her
Piers Morgan slams Kylie Jenner and insists 'self-made billionaire' is only successful because of sister Kim's sex tape and isn't 'that good looking'
Marvel is 'set to cast first openly gay superhero'... as fans beg for Captain America to come out
Salma Hayek channels her inner supermodel as she flaunts her famous figure in the latest issue of Town & Country magazine
Brie Larson rocks gorgeous blue suit with black and red trim in New York ahead of release of her new film Captain Marvel 
Ravishing in red! Queen Letizia of Spain stuns in a scarlet trouser suit as she attends an awards ceremony named in her daughter's honour
Shirley Ballas, 58, nearly DIED on Comic Relief Kilimanjaro climb as she reveals she spoke to her dead brother and almost FELL OFF the mountain
Conor McGregor throws mum Margaret extravagant 60th birthday party at Versace mansion and dresses ALL his family in designer's clothes
Keith Flint 'was left alone and he got destroyed' says John Lydon as it emerges tragic Prodigy star 'begged his estranged wife to come home before hanging himself' 
Paris Jackson 'does NOT believe fresh claims father Michael was a child sex abuser and hasn't seen explosive Leaving Neverland documentary
Keith Flint begged his estranged wife to return home before 'hanging himself' at their £1.5m home - as pictures show him in pub just hours before his death 
Bethenny Frankel's ex Jason Hoppy said her reality TV fame was the reason daughter, 8, was rejected from prestigious Manhattan school 
Kylie Jenner and Jordyn Woods 'have barely spoken in weeks'... as friendship hangs in the balance after Tristan Thompson cheating scandal
Naomi Campbell, 48, and rumoured beau Liam Payne, 25, attend the WE Day charity bash amid claims she 'got close' to rapper Drake during night out
Emma Roberts cuts a casual figure in skinny jeans and a retro-looking suede jacket as she steps out during Paris Fashion Week
Jason Watkins, who lost his daughter, two, to sepsis in 2011 pleads for better awareness of the killer blood condition - after reading about family's loss
Brooklyn Beckham's girlfriend Hana Cross rocks a glitzy denim jacket and black mini dress as she attends Miu Miu party with her beau
Jess Wright continues to parade her incredible bikini body in slew of sizzling swimwear snaps as she enjoys boat ride in Miami
Nicole Scherzinger puts on a flirty display as she joins stylish Pixie Lott at star-studded WE Day event in London
An indignant R. Kelly explodes in anger during his first interview since being charged with sexually abusing underage teens and protests his innocence
'You cram it all in before you are 90 and drooling': Joanna Lumley hints Absolutely Fabulous may make a return
Mystery of Kate's 'private dressmaker': Duchess dazzled in a custom frock by an unknown designer at the palace - following the lead of the Queen 
Cardi B sizzles in tiny yellow bikini as she dances with husband Offset in a hot tub during wild Los Cabos break
Actress Olympia Valance stuns in a lace bodice and silver skirt at the Melbourne Fashion Festival ...after revealing she 'loved kissing girls' at school
Queen's Roger Taylor, 69, rocks camo coat and green velvet trousers as he holds hand with actress wife Sarina, 37, during night out 
It's party time! Rebel Wilson enjoys belated 39th birthday celebrations after she receives two huge cakes and a cookie delivery
Hollyoaks star Kirsty-Leigh Porter pays tribute to her baby girl's due date after she was stillborn... as she admits 'I have been dreading this day' 
'Heartbroken' Rita Ora shows Andrew Garfield what he's missing in a bold neon ensemble... after he ended their four-month romance for 'a more private life'
Mummy Diaries EXCL: Sam Faiers admits she and Paul Knightley have been sleeping apart for over a YEAR as her mother urges them to share a bed again
Nina Dobrev looks classically chic in a checked jacket and spray-on leggings as she enjoys another day in Paris 
Leonardo DiCaprio cuts a sombre figure as he picks up a frozen yogurt during low-key evening out with friends after paying tribute to Luke Perry 
Ferne McCann wows in silver gown as she cuddles daughter Sunday before Sam and Billie Faiers glam up in gold for glossy new ITVBe promo teaser
Ant and Dec are SNUBBED from the RTS Awards nominations for the first time in NINE years... after a year of personal drama and time apart
They should be so lucky! Kylie Minogue, 50, gets a rapturous reception from fans including Delta Goodrem as she performs in Sydney
Michael Jackson accusers are not after a payout says Leaving Neverland director as he defends his film claiming ex-King of Pop abused children
Mel B holds talks at 10 Downing Street about how government can help women financially trapped in abusive relationships... after her  split left her with '£800'
Not your average brickie! Prince Charles dons hard hat to visit Royal College of Music's new hall - before changing into regal gown
Celebrity Great British Bake Off: Russell Brand WINS with his childbirth themed biscuits inspired by his wife's vagina... and viewers label it 'TV gold'
Danielle Armstrong flaunts her tiny 25-inch waist in a busty black bikini as former TOWIE star kicks off Singapore holiday with swim in infinity pool  
Keira Knightley reveals she avoids big studio films as a way of protecting her mental health because the attention they attract is 'too much for her'
Madison Beer displays her jaw dropping figure in a cutaway pink mini dress as the singer sparkles on her 20th birthday
Classic Kate and contoured Meghan! Duchesses plumped for two VERY different make-up looks as they reunited at Buckingham Palace 
Angelina Jolie is back in her horns as Maleficent sequel gets a title, poster and release date
Sienna Miller, 37, looks chic in a camel coat and navy peg leg trousers as she leaves Paris hotel with gallery owner boyfriend Lucas Zwirner, 27
'I'm 28 pushing 40 online': Iggy Azalea says people think she looks older than she actually is as she addresses rumours about her age 
Emma Willis dazzles in velvet gown as she joins Keeley Hawes and Jodie Comer to lead the glamour at Stylist's Inaugural Remarkable Women Awards
Kim Kardashian makes a VERY bold statement in $10k leopard print outfit with matching gloves as she steps out during Paris Fashion Week
Kendall Jenner makes a low-key exit from Madison Beer's birthday party... as sister Kylie comes under fire for being dubbed youngest 'self-made' billionaire
Lizzie Cundy puts on a very racy display as she flashes her bra under see-through top on wild night out with BFF Anthea Turner  
Kate Beckinsale's toy boy ex Matt Rife advises her new flame Pete Davidson to 'RUN' and 'be careful' of a relationship with the star
Emily Ratajkowski flashes her abs in a crop top at Daddy musical's afterparty... amid claims husband Sebastian Bear-McClard owes $120,000 in rent
Pregnant Laura Jackson displays her baby bump in a black smock dress as she joins pal Emma Willis at the Remarkable Women Awards 
Luke Perry's will left 'everything to his two children'... as it's revealed the actor passed away surrounded by his fiancé and ex-wife
Celebrity GBBO: Russell Brand leaves viewers speechless as he jokes about past drug use: 'I took two grams out of that basically on instinct'
Elle Fanning oozes glamour in chic one-shouldered dress as she joins leggy Poppy Delevingne and glam Gwendoline Christie at Miu Miu's PFW party
Ashlee Simpson dotes on her daughter Jagger Snow as she treats the youngster to an ice cream 
Michelle Keegan lets her hair down in stylish  jumpsuit as she  launches her new fashion range... after husband Mark Wright admitted he wants kids
TOWIE's Bobby Norris displays a bandaged leg and brandishes crutches as he is wheeled around airport ahead of flight to Thailand 
Ant McPartlin's ex Lisa Armstrong 'lands a job on TOWIE as a makeup artist... three months after being dropped from Britain's Got Talent'
Luke Perry's pro wrestler son Jack 'Jungle Boy' Perry will not appear at upcoming event in LA following father's death at 52
Sienna Miller looks sexy in semi-sheer top and leather miniskirt as she heads out in Paris after the Louis Vuitton show
Taylor Swift meditates upon her upcoming 30th birthday as she muses 'I've heard people say that your 30's are the most fun!'
Demi Lovato SPLITS with boyfriend Henry Levy  as it's revealed it was a misconception he served as her 'sober coach'
Kit Harington admits that he 'bawled his eyes out' after learning the ending of Game Of Thrones
Game Of Thrones star Sophie Turner gazes adoringly at poster of her fiance Joe Jonas as she lies on bed in Instagram post
Katherine Schwarzenegger, 29, and Chris Pratt, 39, check their phones as they run errands together in LA 
Isla Fisher looks lovely as she flaunts her cleavage in blue floral dress before promoting her new Marge In Charge children's book
Made In Chelsea's Jess Woodley shows off her toned figure in a quirky purple bikini top and black bottoms during sun-soaked Barbados break
Newly-single Demi Lovato gets dinner at WeHo hotspot Craig's... after 'ending four-month romance with Henri Levy'
Robin Wright, 52, shows of her toned figure in black leggings during a food run with husband Clement Giraudet, 34, in LA
Susanna Reid's ex Dominic Cotton 'moves in with new girlfriend who has been befriended by Good Morning Britain host' 
Cardi B showcases her curves wearing skimpy yellow bikini in sexy selfies from Los Cabos vacation with husband Offset
Emma Stone exudes elegance in dress coat as she joins a stylish Alicia Vikander and Karlie Kloss at glittering Louis Vuitton Paris Fashion Week Show
Kylie and Kendall Jenner model sexy swimsuits as their latest affordable fashion collection with Ardene is unveiled
Nicole Scherzinger looks elegant in a black velvet gown... after singer broke her silence over intimate home video with ex Lewis Hamilton being leaked
Luke Perry's daughter, 18, cut short her six-month charity trip in Malawi to be by her ailing father's side in the 90210 actor's final hours 
Killing Eve's Jodie Comer looks ethereal in chic white trouser suit as she picks up Entertainer Of The Year at Stylist's Remarkable Women Awards
Kevin Jonas' two-year-old daughter Valentina didn't 'approve' of Priyanka Chopra as her 'new aunt'
Karlie Kloss nails everyday glamour in chic sweater as she takes cookie break during Paris Fashion Week 
Rita Ora's four month romance with Andrew Garfield is over 'after he dumps her for a more private life'... leaving singer 'heartbroken'
A Wales of a time as Prince marks 50 years of service: ROBERT HARDMAN says the Queen's party for her son at Buckingham Palace was a celebration of his links with Wales 
Sandra Bullock keeps it casual chic while flying home from New Orleans with her two kids and boyfriend Bryan Randall
Nina Dobrev rocks quirky ensemble as she catches up with Jaden Smith at Louis Vuitton Paris Fashion Week show
Lady Victoria Hervey showcases her slender figure in a pearlescent white bikini as she poses for her bespoke swimwear brand Ladyship in Miami
Now the Duchess of Sussex reveals fears over chlorine-washed chicken from the US as she wades into post-Brexit trade deal row 
The Bachelor UK: Alicia clashes with Tara after she demands 'HER time with Alex' in EXPLOSIVE row... but both survive the second vote-off
Loose Women panellists are branded HYPOCRITES after they grilled chef James Martin about his weight... as viewers claim they wouldn't fat shame a female guest
Aaaaaagh-ha! 'Absolutely dreadful' Alan Partridge reboot loses a third of its viewers in a week
Olivia Colman enjoys Broadchurch reunion with David Tennant at theatre event as she makes first public appearance since Academy Awards triumph
The Voice: Blake Shelton loses country music domination as pop star Kelly Clarkson snags singer for her team
Kylie Minogue, 50, thrills fans in Sydney on the first night of her Golden tour... with Delta Goodrem and Kelly Rowland singing along to her greatest hits
The Great British Bake Off's fawning over Russell Brand really takes the biscuit! CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV 
Kristen Stewart dons double denim for Louis Vuitton FW/19 after party at the Louvre
Mary Berry, 84, reveals she's vowed to 'try new things' as she laughs off her 'national treasure' status... after attending her first FESTIVAL and playing drums with Rick Astley
Meghan and Kate reunited! Duchesses make rare joint appearance as Queen hosts party to mark Charles' 50 years as Prince of Wales
Thandie Newton, 46, flashes her toned midriff in unbuttoned floral blouse at the Louis Vuitton PFW show 
Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills: Lisa Vanderpump squares off with Teddi Mellencamp over dog drama
Victoria Beckham showcases her sartorial prowess in a navy dress and red thigh-high boots as she arrives in Paris for Fashion Week... after celebrating Brooklyn's birthday 
Amy Adams beams beside husband Darren Le Gallo at LA grocery store... after teasing long-awaited Enchanted sequel
EXCLUSIVE:Video shows Luke Perry's excitement at the prospect of a 90210 reunion as it's revealed the former teen heartthrob had JUST signed on to the reboot
Hugh Grant bundles up against the New York chill as the actor films a scene from new Nicole Kidman-starring TV series The Undoing
Dua Lipa sends fans wild with snap of her 'hot dad' Dukagjin in pink wig as he celebrates 50th birthday....after viewers lusted over him 
Paris Jackson dances with a male friend and tweets 'don't take life too seriously' amid furore over Michael Jackson documentary
Pregnant Kate Mara defines maternity chic in denim shirt dress and khaki bomber jacket as she attends Lacoste show in Paris
Australia's most stylish couple? Joel Edgerton cuddles up to his Vogue editor girlfriend Christine Centenera at Miu Miu fashion show in Paris
Katy Perry rocks casual ensemble of sweatpants and hoodie as she steps out for a  day of shopping with pals 
The Holly vs Holden show! As Amanda Holden launches a fashion line JUST like Holly Willoughby, who's copying whom in their oh-so identical lives?
Amber Tamblyn brightens up sidewalk in New York City in bright red pantsuit and long yellow fur coat
Julianne Moore turns heads while wearing emerald green dress to screen her new film Gloria Bell in New York City 
Megan Barton Hanson has good reason to smile as she steps out for her 25th birthday dinner in snake-print coat... days after enjoying flirty exchange with ex Wes Nelson
Stormi receives custom Lamborghini during Travis Scott's Astroworld tour... as mom Kylie Jenner, 21, becomes youngest self-made billionaire
Celebs Go Dating: Chelsee Healey FINALLY gets a second date on the show... after agents told her she had the worst feedback they've ever seen
Pixie Geldof exudes elegance in black minidress and tiara inspired headband for Miu Miu's showcase at Paris Fashion Week
'A little ray of sunshine has come into the world!' Home And Away's Penny McNamee welcomes her second child, a girl, with husband Matt Tooker
Jennifer Garner becomes emotional as the actress embraces a friend in Brentwood
Duchess of Cambridge's mint custom-made dress bears a VERY striking resemblance to the £1,590 Missoni gown she debuted in Belfast last week
America Ferrera plants a kiss on her former Ugly Betty castmate Judith Light at Superstore Q&A event in Los Angeles 
Michael Sheen cast as serial killer 'The Surgeon' in Fox TV pilot Prodigal Son
Maya Jama is the picture of elegance in vampish red evening dress as she makes a stunning appearance at Stylist's Remarkable Women Awards
Zac Efron and Olympic swimmer Sarah Bro ignite dating rumors after attending UFC match together
Brielle Biermann flaunts a fabulously full cherry red pout while donning a sizzling scarlet jacket with nothing underneath
Joe Jonas jokes brother Nick had '18 weddings' with wife Priyanka Chopra adding he won't do that with Sophie Turner when they marry this summer
Meghan Markle's friend Abigail Spencer announces she is returning to Grey's Anatomy as she posts snap of herself as Dr. Megan Hunt
Kate Hudson says ALL the men in her life get along 'great' including current beau Danny, ex-fiance Matthew and ex-husband Chris: 'We laugh about it'
The Bachelor's Hannah Godwin responds to Colton Underwood's heart-wrenching escape: 'I'd jump a fence to not watch that episode'
Kit Harington looks stylish as he steps out in New York City following release of Game of Thrones season 8 trailer 
Sarah Michelle Gellar posts tribute to Cruel Intentions... after almost forgetting the film's 20th anniversary
Hailey Baldwin and Justin Bieber reunited! The couple are seen in NYC after she returns from five days in Paris... but neither appear joyful
Piers Morgan says Australia is the 'epitome of misogyny and sexism' in a heated interview with former Prime Minister Julia Gillard
Lisa Rinna jazzes up gym look with skull bandanna after feuding with husband's ex Nicollette Sheridan on Twitter
Yes, it's a bit cheesy... but jet-heeled Brie Larson is a Marvellous new pin-up for the sisterhood: BRIAN VINER reviews new superhero movie Captain Marvel
Draya Michele layers a ruched spaghetti-strap dress over a sweater as she steps out for shopping outing in Los Angeles 
Danny DeVito, 74, takes a nasty tumble onstage at Dumbo press conference... but comes up smiling
The Bachelor: Colton Underwood refuses to reveal if he is still a virgin as former contestants continue the drama on The Women Tell All
Chris Harrison reveals he nearly called the cops after losing The Bachelor Colton Underwood post-jump: 'We have to call the authorities'
Gemma Collins 'PULLS OUT' of Dancing On Ice final after 'bully' Jason Gardiner brands her a 'FRIDGE' during spiteful interview
Dolly Parton's sibling slams the singer for not speaking out on #MeToo movement and sexual harassment in country music
Blanca Blanco looks radiant in a black mini dress with pink fringe as she attends the No Manches 2 film premiere in Los Angeles
Hilary Duff shares stunning selfie on the New York set of Younger before returning home to baby Banks
SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Jodie Kidd's lover sets up private security app involving former Royal Marine 'guardians' amid wave of street crime
Brooklyn Beckham's girlfriend Hana Cross channels her inner rock chick in leather jacket and skirt at Miu Miu's PFW show
Catherine Zeta-Jones, 49, shows off her stunning legs in new post for her home decor line Casa Zeta-Jones
Nikki Bella spotted leaving her former DWTS partner Artem Chigvintsev's LA area home... as their 'romance' gets 'serious'
Will Smith faces backlash after being cast to play Serena Williams' father Richard in new biopic as Twitter users argue his skin 'isn't dark enough' for the role
Cate Blanchett wows in retro-inspired snakeskin print blazer and PVC bootcut trousers as she attends glittering theatre gala
Cindy Crawford, 53, proves she is a natural beauty as she goes makeup free while posing next to her dog
Travis Scott tweets Kylie Jenner is a 'QUEEN' as she overtakes Mark Zuckerberg as the youngest self-made billionaire
Maureen Nolan BAFFLES fans by sharing bizarre picture of her SISTER Linda dressed as The Prodigy's Keith Flint hours after his death
Julianne Moore makes a bold statement in purple trousers with matching knit sweater as she continues her promotional tour for film Gloria Bell in NYC
The Apprentice winner Sian Gabbidon goes braless beneath a plunging playsuit as she steps out with beau Clint Gordon at her swimwear launch
Iconic Sanrio character Hello Kitty is to be made into a motion picture from New Line Cinema
Chloe Grace Moretz stands out in eclectic printed trousers at PFW Louis Vuitton show... after avoiding a run-in with ex Brooklyn Beckham
Dani Dyer reunites with Love Islander Georgia Steel at glitzy swimwear launch... after completing Kilimanjaro climb for Comic Relief
JANET STREET-PORTER: I suspect Michael Jackson WAS guilty but banning his amazing music won't get it out of our heads and it won't stop a single child being abused in the future
Emma Roberts puts on a VERY quirky display in vibrant clashing prints as she attends the Louis Vuitton Paris Fashion Week show  
Demi Lovato knocks out trainer's tooth during a boxing session which sends the singer into a laughing fit: 'Hahahahaha sorry (not sorry)'
Grey's Anatomy alum Sarah Drew to star in CBS drama pilot The Republic Of Sarah
April Love Geary shares sweet photos of daughter Lola one week after welcoming the baby girl with Robin Thicke
Megan McKenna cuts a chic figure in electric blue blouse and towering heels as she heads to a meeting in Soho
Liverpool legend Ian Rush, 57, gets engaged to model pop star girlfriend 27 years his junior who comforted him after he split from his wife of 25 years
Sienna Miller exudes glamour in checked lemon coat over very short lace dress for Louis Vuitton's Paris Fashion Week showcase
Jennifer Connelly showcases her eccentric sense of style in clashing prints and leather trousers as she joins husband Paul Bettany at Louis Vuitton PFW Show
Willow Smith looks edgy in graphic print t-shirt dress and thigh-high boots as she holds hands with brother Jaden at Louis Vuitton PFW show 
RHOC star Alexis Curtain listed as fugitive after she failed to appear in court for drug-related charges
Love Island's Zara McDermott flashes her taut midriff in tiny crop-top as she attends swimwear party... after split from Adam Collard
Declan Donnelly and his wife Ali Astall take time off parenting duties as the couple enjoy a rare date night in Mayfair
Matthew McConaughey flashes a radiant smile as he arrives at Texas baseball event for his youth foundation
Peta Murgatroyd of Dancing With The Stars models fake fur coat as she promotes her new film Faith, Hope & Love in NYC
Lady Gaga steps out in all black for dinner... after her song Shallow soars to number one on Billboard Hot 100 chart
Jennie Garth seen for the first time since Luke Perry's death... as 90210 star looks sombre at dinner with husband Dave Abrams in Los Angeles
Chanel muses Cara Delevingne, Kristen Stewart and Penelope Cruz parade down a snowy runway as Karl Lagerfeld's final collection is honoured 
Kate Beckinsale, 45, heads out on a solo shopping trip after confirming romance with Pete Davidson, 25, in over-the-top PDA session 
Alex Rodriguez poses with his longtime friend and Shark Tank co-star Mark Cuban as the billionaire gives a speech to military troops
Keith Flint had round-the-clock bodyguard over hunt protestor fears and said Prodigy bandmates had put him on 'health watch' 
Coronation Street SPOILER: Carla Connor teams up with ex-flame Peter Barlow as they pursue a squatter.. ahead of explosive roof collapse
Game Of Thrones season 8: First full trailer reveals epic battle as Kit Harington's Jon Snow and Emilia Clarke's Daenerys return to Winterfell
Boss-worthy! As International Women's Day approaches, style icon Olivia Palermo auctions off luxury fashion pieces on eBay for Charity
American Gods stars Emily Browning and Ricky Whittle cosy up on red carpet at season 2 premiere as they put on a stylish display
Jessie J shares private Instagram DM with beau Channing Tatum ... after he calls her the 'hottest' in a social media comment
 Lady Gaga rocks a fierce feather headdress and sky-high heels as she poses as an 'intergalactic Marie Antoinette' in a very dramatic shoot for her 25TH V Magazine cover
Made In Chelsea EXCLUSIVE: Season 17 teaser unveils SEVEN new cast members... including a 'sultry scientist' and 'the Bridget Jones of SW3'
Brooklyn Beckham makes a rare appearance without girlfriend Hana Cross as he attends Lacoste runway show at Paris Fashion Week
Katie Price is slammed by her fans for promoting meal replacement shakes as they complain her social media has become 'ad account'  
Jeff Lewis says ex Gage Edward accused him of harassment and 'intent to destroy his character' during angry text exchange
Queen of Comedy: Phoebe Waller-Bridge gave Alan Partridge his most embarrassing humiliation on the BBC yet with the Season Two debut of Fleabag, by Jim Shelley
Made In Chelsea's Louise Thompson shocks by posing for a completely NUDE snap in an outdoor shower while on romantic holiday in Bali
Britons react with disgust as claims against Michael Jackson are aired in Leaving Neverland film... but his fans leap to the singer's defence
Kim Kardashian leaves NOTHING to the imagination as she reveals her braless cleavage and underwear in eye-popping sheer bodysuit in Paris
Andrew Garfield sparks dating rumours with actress Aisling Bea as they enjoy a night at the theatre... after breaking off his romance with Rita Ora 
Simon Cowell, 59, 'loses half a STONE after doctors order him to ditch dairy, gluten and sugar'... 18 months after fall made him vow to shape up
Billie Faiers' new husband Greg 'was aggressive and called a holidaymaker a c**t' on his WEDDING DAY as hotel staff 'struggle to put a lid on guests' yobbish behaviour'
Taylor Swift reignites feud with Kim Kardashian as she calls reality star a 'bully' who launched a 'hate campaign' against her with THAT snake tweet
Tristan Thompson takes two coffees  back to his hotel... before emerging with pretty brunette for a night out
The Crown co-stars Helena Bonham Carter and Tobias Menzies reunite on the red carpet at the BFI Chairman's dinner in London
R. Kelly is being investigated in Detroit for 'raping a girl from the age of 13 for four years and giving her herpes when she was 17' 
Rita Ora sports a casual ensemble as she touches down in Perth... as ex Andrew Garfield sparks romance rumours with actress Aisling Bea
Taylor Swift was so shaken after the terror attack at Ariana Grande's concert that she has overhauled her security and carries stab and gunshot bandages with her
'I feel proud to stand in your presence': Prince Harry's message of optimism to schoolchildren with pregnant Meghan by his side
Julie Walters announces year-long hiatus from acting due to 'exhaustion' as she makes a glamorous appearance at Women's Aid reception
The Mummy Diaries: Viewers SLAM 'spoilt brat' Billie Faiers for wanting to spend £30k on dream flowers ahead of her idyllic wedding in the Maldives
Emmerdale fans threaten to BOYCOTT International Women's Day Special... as they brand the show's all-female cast and crew 'sexist' 
Katie Price 'could be forced to sell her country mansion in Sussex after £2.1m debt is revealed'
R. Kelly taken into custody for unpaid child support
Prince William vows to take a stand against slum landlords as he and Kate are left 'deeply affected' on visit one of Britain's most deprived streets
R. Kelly's girlfriend Joycelyn Savage calls her parents after explosive interview to insist that she is 'fine' but pauses and suddenly ends the call 
'I don't believe a word': Wendy Williams accuses men in Leaving Neverland documentary of 'lies' but says Michael Jackson is NOT innocent
Serious drama? Richard Gere's television foray is Dynasty with belly laughs: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV 
As a mother of two who watched last night's chilling Michael Jackson documentary, SARAH VINE asks: Why DID parents leave their poor boys at the King of Pop's mercy?
Richard E. Grant makes a rare red carpet appearance with wife Joan Washington as they honour Oscar winner Olivia Colman at BFI dinner
Idris Elba will replace Will Smith in the Suicide Squad sequel after he was forced to exit project due to scheduling issues
'I'll miss you every day that I walk this earth': Luke Perry's pro wrestler son Jack 'Jungle Boy' Perry posts touching tribute to his father
Khloe Kardashian 'struggles to find a way to include Tristan Thompson' in True's first birthday after split
EastEnders: Brookside star Paul Usher CONFIRMED to appear as mysterious 'hard man' in guest stint... 37 years after playing villain Barry Grant
EXC: James Safechuck's father says 'there was nothing wrong with it' when Michael Jackson would kiss his son on the lips and wear footie pajamas to run around house
She's a natural! Duchess of Cambridge shows her winning way with children as she meets young fans on rainy Blackpool Promenade
Gayle King reveals that Oprah and both her children called to check on her after explosive R Kelly interview - but says she never thought she was in danger
Emmerdale grooming storyline star Joe Warren-Plant shares an inside look at his lavish lifestyle... including exotic breaks with his girlfriend and parties 
Charlotte Crosby puts on a VERY leggy display in an off-the-shoulder mini-dress as she joins beau Josh Ritchie at Emily Atack's clothing range launch party
Jennifer Lopez gets pulses racing as she flashes her enviable physique while promoting her latest legging collection
'She's rad': Machine Gun Kelly approves of pal Pete Davidson's new romance with Kate Beckinsale
Olivia Colman oozes timeless glamour in classic black gown as she is honoured with a BFI Fellowship at star-studded Chairman's bash
Travelling in style! Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon arrive in Perth with their families before each boarding separate private jets
Celebs Go Dating: Pete Wicks enjoys a blind date with a woman he 'messed around with' TEN YEARS AGO... after agents said they were 'disappointed' and blast his flirty attitude
Ire'll be back! Prince Charles vows to visit ALL of Ireland's 32 counties as he and Camilla attend reception at country's London embassy
The Mummy Diaries: Sam Faiers and Ferne McCann enjoy fun play date with daughters Rosie and Sunday... as pair put their past feud behind them
AJ Pritchard EXCLUSIVE: Dancer admits that if Strictly finally have same-sex pairings this year he '100% wants to be the pro to do it' 
Line of Duty's Vicky McClure reveals she's auditioned for 'every series' of Peaky Blinders... and says audience will be 'shocked' by police drama's fifth season
Mel B continues her campaign to help women in abusive relationships as she takes to the stage with mum Andrea at Women's Aid event
Amber Heard arrives in London amid ex husband Johnny Depp's $50m defamation lawsuit against her domestic abuse allegations
Supermodel Ashley Graham shows off her famous curves in figure-hugging jeans and a crop top as she enjoys a scenic helicopter ride over Melbourne 
Kylie Jenner throws lavish birthday party for her friend Victoria Villarroel with daughter Stormi in attendance... but pal Jordyn Woods remains frozen out
Selfie-made billionaire: Since she joined the Kardashian TV circus aged 10, Kylie Jenner has transformed her appearance - and her bank balance... but at what personal cost?
Bella Hadid models an oversized grey suit as she lands in New York... after appearing in several runway shows during Paris Fashion Week
Ashley Tisdale keeps it casual in leggings and hoodie for a day of shopping in the LA rain
Roxanne Pallett breaks eight month social media silence to SUPPORT Michael Jackson amid child sex abuse claims
Amanda Holden is left terrified in her own home after man parks in her driveway then follows her while she 'does her mummy duties' 
Michael Jackson's nephew Taj defends King of Pop as fans shout his innocence over child abuse claims ahead of tonight's airing of Leaving Neverland 
Sarah Jessica Parker shows of her colorful sense of style as she films a scene from Divorce in West Harlem
Good Omens: Official trailer teases the war between heaven and hell and the search for the Antichrist in intense extended look at Amazon Prime show
Christie Brinkley, 65, announces she will be starring as Roxie Hart for a  stage version of the musical Chicago... a role she has played twice before
Heidi Montag says her plastic surgery reveal on The Hills is the 'hardest scene' for her to watch
Madison Beer covers up in baggy hoodie after glamming up for star-studded 20th birthday bash at The Nice Guy
Jersey Shore's Snooki says co-star and BFF JWoww has 'never been happier' despite messy divorce
Binky Felstead shows off her amazing abs in a bikini as she talks post-baby weight-loss, feeling 'isolated' as a single mum and moving on from Josh Patterson 
Archers fans up in arms over the BBC Sounds app because it keep playing episodes from ten years ago
Mel Gibson lists gated Malibu retreat for $14.5million... his fourth attempt at trying to unload the five-acre property
NCIS star Pauley Perrette and Jaime Camil of Jane The Virgin team up as in-laws in CBS pilot Broke
Cardi B showcases her curves in skimpy yellow bikini as she lives it up with Offset in Los Cabos 
EXCLUSIVE: Is this Tristan Thompson's new girl? Model Karizma Ramirez seen with NBA player after his break-up from Khloe Kardashian
Stephen Amell fights back tears as he reveals he chose to leave Arrow after season eight to be closer to his wife and five-year-old daughter in LA
This Is Us star Janet Montgomery welcomes daughter Sunday Juno after infection scare and emergency C-section
Megan Barton Hanson sticks up for Gemma Collins as she SLAMS 'vile' Jason Gardiner and admits she's boycotting the DOI final because of the judge
RHOC's Vicki Gunvalson reveals daughter Briana and son-in-law Ryan lost 85 pounds on keto diet as she shares snap of slimmed-down couple
Ben Affleck joins Triple Frontier co-stars Charlie Hunnam and Oscar Isaac at film's Madrid premiere... after admitting he 'still loves' ex-wife Jennifer Garner 
Jacqueline Jossa  'still has issues' with husband Dan Osborne but says even if their relationship has 'ups and downs' things 'are amazing again'
Jennifer Lopez ditches her long sleek extensions for curly 'do while heading to the gym in tank top and leggings 
Serena Williams shares adorable video of 18-month-old daughter Alexis Olympia running around the tennis court so fast she loses her shoe
Love Island's Dani Dyer looks besotted as she reunites with boyfriend Jack Fincham... after completing Kilimanjaro climb for Comic Relief
Sutton Foster puckers up to castmate Peter Hermann while filming Younger on location in New York City
Maya Jama reveals her toned curves in strapless geometric print gown at International Women's Day dinner 
Lizzie Cundy oozes sartorial chic in a dramatic floral gown as she attends Women's Aid reception
Chance the Rapper, Meek Mill and 21 Savage urge the Supreme Court to hear fellow rapper's First Amendment conviction challenge for 'terroristic threats' in song
Scarlett Moffatt puts on a stylish display in zebra-print co-ords and heels as she attends Emily Atack's fashion launch party 
Nashville TV show to be turned into a Broadway musical seven months after country series came to an end
Idris Elba celebrates SNL hosting gig with champagne in promo... after rapping in video with Wiley, Stefflon Don, and Sean Paul
Justin Bieber looks lost in thought as he leaves NYC apartment alone... as rumours persist he is struggling to make Hailey Baldwin marriage work
Lucille Ball of I Love Lucy fame had the drug 'poppers' in her system at the time of her shock death in 1989 it's claimed in preview for Autopsy
Riverdale is dedicating all future episodes to Luke Perry as showrunner says late actor is 'our heart, always'
Mad About You revival picked up by Spectrum Originals... with stars Helen Hunt and Paul Reiser set to reprise their roles
Elizabeth Hurley, 53, exhibits her age-defying figure in a sunshine yellow bikini as she shares sizzling snap from her Maldives break 
Emily Atack looks worse for wear as she makes a VERY bleary-eyed exit from star-studded launch of her clothing range
Australian model Catherine McNeil breaks down in tears as she walks in snow-themed Chanel Paris Fashion Week show in tribute to the late Karl Lagerfeld
Gwyneth Paltrow predicts psychedelic drugs will be the next big thing in health... and takes credit for the gluten-free craze 
Will Arnett packs on the PDA with a pretty blonde in Venice as actor stops in the street for a smooch
Taylor Swift hints her dieting habits were 'dangerous' but she 'retrained' her brain to stop 'hating every ounce of fat on my body'
Eva Mendes marks her 45th birthday with Ryan Gosling and their girls at DisneyLand... where couple had their first date
Nicole 'Snooki' Polizzi says maternity leave is 'not a thing' for her as she gears up for baby number three
Claudia Schiffer looks effortlessly stylish in a patterned knit and skinny jeans as she steps out during Paris Fashion Week
Jeff Goldblum, 66, and his contortionist wife Emilie, 36, are couple goals as the pair is spotted smooching in Los Angeles
Fearne Cotton admits she's BANNED her children from using iPads as she speaks about 'struggling' to stay calm and being called 'manic' by husband Jesse Wood
BBC presenter Magenta Devine dies aged 61 while undergoing treatment in hospital after a short illness 
Ryan Seacrest tells Blac Chyna to leave him out of Kardashian drama after she demands he hand over emails with Kris, Kylie Jenner and Khloe
Made In Chelsea's Jess Woodley showcases her toned figure in a tiny neon green bikini with high-waisted bottoms during Barbados getaway
Love Island's Chris Hughes reveals his new relationship with Little Mix's Jesy Nelson has made him 'the happiest he has ever been'
'Meghan is setting the bar too high': Vanessa Feltz claims the royal's hectic schedule would be 'impossible torture' for the average pregnant woman 
Netflix to turn Gabriel Garcia Marquez's novel One Hundred Years of Solitude into Spanish-language series
The Sinner renewed by USA for season three with Matt Bomer to star opposite Bill Pullman
Katie Piper admits she's 'never felt better' since losing 2st and slams 'damaging' social media for promoting 'unrealistic beauty standards' 
Ben Affleck 'loves' spending time with Lindsay Shookus because she has a 'positive attitude, healthy lifestyle and is supportive'
Khloe Kardashian battles insomnia as she lies awake at 4am...  sharing poems about 'moving on' amid Tristan Thompson heartache 
The time of our lives with SUSANNAH CONSTANTINE: How I cope with the curse of middle-age boobs (clue: wear two bras at once!)
Jennifer Garner flashes toned legs in pink dress for event in Washington DC... after ex Ben Affleck calls her 'wonderful'
Shonda Rhimes slashes $1million off the price of massive Los Angeles home after four months on the market
Inside British Vogue editor Edward Enninful's glam birthday bash hosted by Karlie Kloss and Lauren Santo Domingo at her palatial Paris home
Geordie Shore star Charlotte Crosby cuts a casual figure in grey leggings and a hoodie as she arrives in London
Olivia Newton-John reveals she's been recovering from cancer-induced pelvic fracture for the last six months after slamming rumors she had days to live
Olivia Culpo shows peeks of her toned tummy in a cropped red sweater and matching pants as she touches down in LA following Paris Fashion Week
Karlie Kloss beams as she returns from Paris Fashion Week ahead of Project Runway premiere
Alec Baldwin is an uncanny match for cocaine trafficking car manufacturer in new trailer for Framing John DeLorean 
Megan Barton Hanson rings in her 25th birthday with a spa break... as she sparks reconciliation rumours with Wes Nelson after re-following him
'I'm going to fight this': Jeopardy! host Alex Trebek reveals he has stage 4 pancreatic cancer and vows to 'keep working' despite diagnosis
Bethenny Frankel sobs in court describing how her ex Jason Hoppy tormented her as their bitter custody battle continues 
Kourtney Kardashian snaps back at comedian who mocked her nude  snap, suggesting it was a desperate attempt to 'keep the world interested in your talent' 
Kerry Katona denies letting one of her children skip school during a seven-month period
Rumer Willis turns up the heat during steamy dance scene with a flirty Emma Dumont in clip from new thriller What Lies Ahead
Morgan Stewart denies affair with former E! executive following claims from coworkers of inappropriate relationship in the office
R. Kelly's girlfriends speak out: 'Brainwashed' women who met singer when they were teenagers say they are NOT being held against their will 
Kelsea Ballerini bursts into tears of joy after she is invited by Big Little Town to become a member of The Grand Ole Opry
Teresa Giudice admits it's 'not going to work' with husband Joe if he's deported upon his release from prison for multiple counts of fraud
Counting On star Jana Duggar, 29, surprises her parents Jim Bob and Michelle by completely remodeling their bedroom, giving the space its first revamp in 13 YEARS
To All The Boys I've Loved Before's Lana Condor reveals she had an eating disorder and body dysmorphia, as she urges people to stop seeing ONE body type as 'ideal' 
Happy wife! Notoriously private Lara Bingle beams in rare candid photo with actor husband Sam Worthington
Taylor Swift reveals her famously curly hair straightened out naturally as she got older - and admits she misses her once-wavy locks
Happy Endings actress Casey Wilson, 38, confesses Botox paralyzed her face for three months giving her a 'half smile'... but she would try it again
Superstore actor Ben Feldman reveals wife Michelle Mulitz is expecting a baby girl as he jokes the thought of having a second child is 'terrifying'
Adwoa the Barbie girl! British model, 26, unveils a new version of the iconic doll made in her likeness - complete with freckles and a shaved head
Queen Maxima of the Netherlands cuts a stylish figure in a navy and bronze cape as she joins husband King Willem-Alexander on their first ever visit to Bremen
Kendra Wilkinson flaunts her cleavage in leopard-print top as she says she is still 'celibate'... after date with Bachelor villain Chad Johnson
Sarah Hyland sports prosthetic bump as she shoots scenes for Modern Family in LA... with co-star Ariel Winter receiving diploma during filming
Delilah and Amelia Hamlin steal the show at Madison Beer's birthday party as they turn heads in trendy outfits while holding hands
Kevin Smith celebrates one-year anniversary of near-fatal heart attack on set of Jay and Silent Bob reboot
EXCLUSIVE: 'Paradise turned into Southend': Billie Faiers' wedding guests accused of 'carnage' and ruining 'holiday of a lifetime' with 'intimidation'
Taking a leaf out of Harry and Meghan's book? Footage reveals Kate and William sweetly holding hands as they made their way to a helicopter
Holly Willoughby presents This Morning SOLO for first time ever after Phillip Schofield calls in sick at the last minute leaving no time to find replacement 
Love Island's Montana Brown is called out by Susanna Reid on GMB and branded a 'hypocrite' after arguing that Barbie dolls are bad role models 
Meghan's VERY meaningful jewellery collection: Duchess sported £3.4K worth of accessories including her 'mummy' baby shower necklace
TOWIE: New girl Chloe Ross 'hits it off with hunky Dan Edgar' as she joins the cast... two months after Amber Turner split
Joey King and Patricia Arquette star in new trailer for Hulu's The Act based on CHILLING true story of Munchausen by proxy victim Gypsy Rose Blanchard
'I thought the Queen had died': This Morning stages fake ITV news bulletin for a couple's gender reveal - but 'terrified' viewers brand the stunt a 'disgrace' 
Christine Lampard reveals she and her husband Frank have become 'competitive sleepers' since welcoming baby Patricia   
Michael Jackson accuser Wade Robson claims the singer raped him just days after settling sexual abuse lawsuit with Jordan Chandler, 13, for $23m
Katie Price posts snaps of Junior and Princess modelling kids' Range... after slamming ex Peter for banning her from doing shoots with them
Andrew Garfield PIC EXCL: Actor 'kisses and caresses' Aisling Bea during 'very cosy' night at the theatre... after he split from Rita Ora for a 'more private life'
Chloe Meadows showcases her toned figure in frilly blue checked bikini as TOWIE stars touch down in Thailand to film the new series
R. Kelly's girlfriends accuse their parents of pimping them out then blackmailing him for $30,000 in excruciating interview where he lurks in shadows
Sophie Turner reveals fiancé Joe Jonas 'loves her more than he loves himself' but admits he's 'so mad' at her for revealing how Game Of Thrones ends  
Taylor Swift's intruder is arrested for breaking into her Manhattan apartment building AGAIN
Do YOU let your dog lick your face? Christine Lampard leaves Loose Women fans aghast by admitting she gets up close and personal with her beloved pooch
Sports Illustrated model Candice Swanepoel models leopard-print swimwear during fun-filled vacation in Brazil
Ashley Graham flashes her underwear in a black lace frock at Melbourne Fashion Festival... as she urges modelling industry to drop 'plus size' label
Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson slips into a floral string bikini as she tops up her tan while hitting the beach in the Maldives 
Celebs Go Dating EXCL: Georgia Steel reveals she's looking for love and a man who will 'slap her a**e on his deathbed' as she admits why she's still  single 
Ed Balls sings Little Mix's Shout Out To My Ex as he jokes Leigh-Anne Pinnock and Jade Thirlwall want to hire him as a backing SINGER
Justin Bieber posts a series of images of wife Hailey Baldwin and she replies with an 'embarrassed' emoji) amid reports their marriage is struggling 
Mike Tindall reveals his fantasy royal rugby team line-up features 'Haz', 'Willy', Kate and the QUEEN (but mother-to-be Meghan fails to make the cut)
'Never watching MotherFatherSon with my gran again': Viewers of new BBC 2 drama MotherFatherSon cringe over graphic sex scenes - and full-frontal nudity
Selma Blair shares throwback snap as she remembers first symptoms of debilitating MS and vows to make the most of 'now'
Prince of the ponytail! William reveals he's learned how to style daughter Charlotte's hair - but admits it's been a 'nightmare' to master
One's first Instagram post! Queen shares a letter sent to her great-great-grandfather Prince Albert by the world's first computer pioneer
David Ginola, 52, is every inch the doting father as he kisses daughter, one, during shopping trip with model girlfriend Maëva Denat, 28
Prince William rounds on the Army for 'never once' preparing soldiers for the mental toll of being in a war zone until recently - and says it still has a way to go
James Haskell shares sizzling throwback of swimsuit-clad wife Chloe Madeley as he makes VERY cheeky quip
TOWIE star Georgia Kousoulou sizzles in a neon snake print bikini as she hits the beach to film for the new series in Thailand
Aisleyne Horgan-Wallace blasts fan for leaving VERY lewd comments on her saucy selfies
Jennifer Saunders transforms into adventure-seeking mother as she films first scenes in Manchester for Netflix's chilling new thriller The Stranger
Ashley Graham shows off her playful side as she touches up her bright red lipstick while in an eye-catching leopard print top
Love Island's Dani Dyer looks very pleased with herself following her Kilimanjaro climb as she steps out with boyfriend Jack Fincham in Essex
Cher is SLAMMED for 'having the sadness of the world in her eyes' by famed director who also claims 'she can't act and doesn't like men'
Louis Tomlinson reveals playing new song Two Of Us about late mother Johannah for his sisters was 'tough' as he 'didn't want them to be sad'
Love Island's Chris Hughes breaks his silence on Jesy Nelson romance and says he's the 'happiest he's ever been' (but compares her to his MUM!)
Emmerdale's controversial grooming storyline between Maya and Jacob sparks 60 Ofcom complaints after teacher has sex with teen student 
The Hills: Whitney Port reveals Paris departure scenes were FAKED and she never even went on Teen Vogue trip after Lauren Conrad infamously dropped out
 R. Kelly. 52, reveals he went to the bank for the first time three weeks ago and learned he had just $350,000 in his account but could not use it for bail
Olivia Attwood SLAMS pregnancy claims and says she is now 'paranoid as f**k' after fans accuse her of 'hiding her stomach' in busty snap
Alesha Dixon wears bold candy pink striped co-ord with flared bottoms as she arrives at ITV studios for TV appearance
Emily Atack is VERY worse for wear as she struggles to keep her eyes open after partying with celeb pals at boozy launch of her clothing range
Prince Harry makes secret dash to Berlin just hours after he was on stage in Britain hugging pregnant wife Meghan 
Victoria's Secret Angel Josephine Skriver displays her toned physique in a orange and pink striped bikini as she hits the beach in Miami 
Emma Bunton stuns by posting throwback snap with glam Victoria Beckham and Ben Stiller from the Spice Girls' heyday 19 YEARS ago
Love Island's Kendall Rae Knight sizzles in a snakeskin bikini as she soaks up the sun on luxurious Dubai getaway
Countess of Wessex joins forces with Angelina Jolie as she urges leaders to 'end the silence' around rape and sexual violence against women 
World Book Day 2019: Rochelle Humes' daughter dresses up as HER while Imogen Thomas joins celeb mums by sharing sweet snaps of their children 
Jemma Lucy shows off her bump in bikini snaps from Thailand as she enjoys a girls' trip after accusing baby's father of domestic violence
Rita Ora plays a lovesick club singer and fifties style waitress in emotional video for Only Want You... amid split from Andrew Garfield
Louise Redknapp posts cryptic quote about 'being afraid' as she works on comeback album 19 YEARS after musical heyday
Rose McGowan claims growing up in America as a teen was 'more traumatising and more hardcore than being in a CULT'
Made In Chelsea's Louise Thompson showcases her toned figure in a tiny white bikini on holiday in Bali... after shocking with NUDE snap
Amanda Holden, 48, cuts a ladylike figure as the Britain's Got Talent judge dons an elegant dress with floaty sleeves at glitzy art fair 
Ferne McCann sizzles in a neon bikini as she poses with newlywed best friend Billie Faiers after their Maldives wedding
Jamie Foxx wraps his arms around a female friend during dinner date with pals... after sparking Katie Holmes split rumours by saying he's 'single'
Charlotte Crosby leaves Emily Atack's clothing launch in tears WITHOUT boyfriend Josh Ritchie... sobbing that she has been 'betrayed by everyone'
Gemma Collins makes dramatic u-turn as she confirms she WILL return to Dancing On Ice for series finale in defiant message to 'bully' Jason Gardiner 
Kim Kardashian and her daughter North cuddle in their pyjamas while flying to Montreal on board a lavish private jet
Billie Faiers' new husband Greg 'was aggressive and called a holidaymaker a c**t' on his WEDDING DAY as staff 'struggle to control yobbish behaviour'
Slimline Simon! Cowell 'loses half a STONE after ditching dairy, gluten, sugar (and sausage rolls!) 18 months after fall made him vow to shape up
Love Island's Gabby Allen puts on a VERY cheeky display in sizzling bikini-clad snaps on sun-drenched Mexico break 
Match point! Boris Becker heads to court for 'final stage' of divorce battle with estranged wife Lilly while she's spotted in London police station
The Voice UK: X Factor alumni Nicole Scherzinger and James Arthur join rival show as guest mentors
Kate Beckinsale struggles to stay awake as she celebrates her mother's birthday... after hitting back at Pete Davidson PDA meme
Barbra Streisand announced as headline act for British Summer Time Hyde Park festival six years after her last UK performance
Line of Duty's Vicky McClure thinks she'll never be a Hollywood star as she laments auditioning for 'every series' of Peaky Blinders 
Kate Beckinsale, 45, claps back at Pete Davidson, 25, PDA meme poking fun at people's poor taste in men
True Blood star Anna Paquin dons blue puff-sleeved dress in LA... before revealing secret to her eight-year marriage
Love Island's Dr Alex George looks smitten with girlfriend Amelia Bath as they hold hands on School Of Rock theatre date night 
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley is dreamy in blue and white striped pajama-style pant suit as she steps out in Los Angeles
EXCLUSIVE: Daniel Radcliffe sports 1970s garb and slightly longer locks on the set of his new film 'Escape From Pretoria' in Adelaide
Allison Janney takes selfies with her beloved dad Jervis Spencer as they sit courtside at Los Angeles Lakers basketball game 
The Bachelor UK: Host Mark Wright enjoys night out with hunky Alex Marks and the VERY glamorous women vying for his affections
Gemma Chan cuts an elegant figure in black coat and leather trousers as she arrives at Jimmy Kimmel Live studios
Ashley James slips her curves into a skintight knitted pink dress as she parties at star-studded fashion bash
RHONJ Reunion: Teresa Giudice reveals she has NOT reached out to President Trump over deportation
Aquaman hunkJason Momoa's private plane is forced to make an emergency landing in Palm Springs following a fire scare
Caitlyn Jenner, 69, lands at LAX with constant companion Sophia Hutchins, 22... after trip to San Francisco
Khloe Kardashian gives daughter True a smooch on the cheek after youngster greets her mother's Instagram followers with sweet hello 
Taylor Swift so shaken after the terror attack at Ariana Grande's concert that she has overhauled her security and carries stab and gunshot bandages with her
Brie Larson brings the razzle dazzle in glittering key-hole jumpsuit as she leads star-studded cast at Captain Marvel screening
Cardi B and husband Offset cuddle up as they wrap up their tropical holiday getaway in Mexico following romantic reunion
Paris Jackson 'hasn't seen' Leaving Neverland, source says following the star's silence about the HBO documentary
Chris Pratt, 39, emerges from Jimmy Kimmel Live! taping with his fiancee Katherine Schwarzenegger, 29
R. Kelly is taken into custody during a hearing in Chicago for failing to pay his ex-wife $161,000 in child support
Porsha Williams cradles bump and belts out a tune as she celebrates baby shower with fiance Dennis McKinley and her RHOA pals
Real Housewives Of New York City: Bethenny Frankel and Luann de Lesseps break down during premiere
Chris Pratt discusses playing the 'bad guy' in The Kid on Jimmy Kimmel Live after portraying heroes in his previous roles
Brie Larson is grilled by Captain Marvel co-star Samuel L. Jackson as she takes surprise lie detector test during Carpool Karaoke
Kate Mara glows while covering up her baby bump at Los Angeles airport after paying flight visit to Paris Fashion Week
Kara Del Toro goes braless and puts on a busty display in plunging black dress for the premiere of the Western thriller The Kid
Alicia Vikander is effortlessly chic in a long black coat and shades as she arrives at JFK Airport after Paris trip
Lauren Burnham gushes about 'love of my life' Arie Luyendyk Jr. on one-year anniversary of Bachelor engagement
Jordana Brewster covers up in a black hooded coat and snug pink knit as she waits for a ride in rainy Los Angeles
American Idol: Alejandro Aranda emerges as early front-runner during second episode of season 17
Elle Fanning makes a bold arrival in yellow and pink coat as she lands at LAX following trip to Paris for Fashion Week
Padma Lakshmi flaunts cleavage in fuchsia jumpsuit at Captain Marvel premiere in New York City
Nina Dobrev rocks wild leopard-print trousers for flight home to Los Angeles after enjoying glam trip to Paris Fashion Week
'Who the f*** came up with that idea?': Red Hot Chili Peppers slam Sydney over its 'stupid' new music festival laws 
Chris Pratt is dressed to impress in pale gray suit as he walks red carpet solo at LA premiere of his new film The Kid
Liam Hemsworth proves he still looks handsome in a hoodie and joggers as the actor grabs groceries in Malibu
Farrah Abraham scores new gig reviewing feminism-geared books for Penthouse... and she's starting with Joan Didion
Amy Adams rocks sleek black coat and purple shades with leggy jeans as she enjoys a Beverly Hills outing
'I felt the embryonic kicking of feminism': Pregnant Meghan cradles 'our little bump' as she wears £185 dress for International Women's Day event 
The Office star Lucy Davis makes a rare public appearance as she goes make-up free in low-key ensemble while heading through LAX 
Julianne Moore admits she was FIRED from Can You Ever Forgive Me? and has yet to watch the movie because it's 'too painful for her'
'No baby, just a scar': Malin Andersson marks International Woman's Day with image of her postpartum body two months after daughter's death
Loose Women's Jane Moore and Kaye Adams erupt into a FURIOUS on-air spat about childhood obesity... forcing Andrea McLean to intervene
Are you frazzled by your dry, damaged locks? Here's five simple ways to get strong, long AND healthy hair - without an expensive salon trip!
LaToya Jackson attacked her brother Michael's 'crimes against small, innocent children' in shocking resurfaced interview from 1993 
Liam Payne KISSES ex Cheryl on the cheek as they put on an amicable display and hug each other during run-in at the Global Awards
Britain's Got Talent: Ant and Dec reunite for fun new trailer as he makes his big return after stepping down from TV commitments for a year 
Kerry Katona admits she 'hasn't had sex in a LONG, LONG time'... after confessing she would flog a Kim Kardashian-style tape for cash
Peter Andre breaks silence on shock Leaving Neverland appearance as he says he was 'sad for months' over losing chance to meet Michael Jackson 
Geri Horner EXCL: Ginger Spice FaceTimes her 'so good looking' husband Christian while she's meant to be hosting All Together Now
Kim Kardashian puckers up in flawless snap as she shows off gold playing pieces for Kanye West's Monopoly game Yeezus Edition
TOWIE's Chloe Sims displays her eye-popping cleavage in a plunging white swimsuit as she shoots new series in Thailand
Going through cancer treatment? This is how to cope with the sleep disturbances it can cause
Victoria Beckham wows in chic cami as she marks International Women's Day with mum Jackie and mother-in-law Sandra at her Dover Street store
Kate Hudson snuggles her baby girl and Kris Jenner praises her 'tribe' of daughters as celebrities honor International Women's Day on social media
Michael Jackson accuser Wade Robson accused of 'splitting up Britney Spears and Justin Timberlake with brief fling'
Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez invite fans into their luxurious trip to Miami as they fly on a private jet and enjoy time on a speedboat
Vicky Pattison strips down to skimpy black string underwear and a sports bra as she poses for a sultry bedroom selfie 
The Queen's private persona revealed: Royal biographer reveals the monarch 'speaks in riddles', tells witty jokes and uses 'nicknames for everyone'
Keith Flint's Prodigy bandmates share heartbreaking tribute to their 'brother'... as his pals are set to honour the late star with a charity fundraiser rave
Victoria's Secret model Jasmine Tookes says it's better to eat everything you crave but do so 'in moderation' than go on wacky diets
Corey Feldman, 47, admits he can no longer defend Michael Jackson amid 'horrendous molestation allegations' in Leaving Neverland documentary
R. Kelly's ex-wife accuses him of using child support to control her and denies trying to 'destroy' him as he claimed in a recent wild interview
Katie Piper cuts an elegant figure in a mint green suit as she launches new book while recovering from surgery
Billie Faiers poses in £1,500 beach gear as Greg Shepherd pokes fun at claims 'raucous' Maldives wedding turned 'paradise into Southend'
Pregnant Stacey Solomon shows off her baby bump in lilac mini-dress as she claims her sons PREFER her 'fun' beau Joe Swash because she's 'strict'
Daisy Lowe shows off her edgy style in tight skirt with tough biker boots as she enjoys romantic stroll with model boyfriend Cameron McMeikan 
Nicole Kidman is branded a 'maniac in the bed' by Keith Urban while giving an intimate insight into their marriage
Pink tries to create a normal family atmosphere for her two kids while on tour by serving a regular family meal twice a week
Eva Longoria lands role opposite Tessa Thompson in the film Sylvie... after calling for more 'diversity' in Hollywood
James Argent looks glum while stepping out in Paris with on-off love Gemma Collins as she admits she only 'sort of' loves him
Conor McGregor is joined by his stunning long-term girlfriend Dee Devlin as she breastfeeds their newborn daughter Croia in sweet snap
Leaving Neverland: Peter Andre spotted in documentary as it emerges he was second in competition that led to Wade Robson's meeting with Jackson 
R. Kelly warns Gayle King to 'be careful' and reveals his preference for women with 'tight bodies' as his accusers react to his hysterical interview 
Paris Hilton slips into a semi-sheer LBD and nude fishnets for dinner with Kim Kardashian's best friend Larsa Pippen
Amber Heard jets out of London amid ex husband Johnny Depp's $50m defamation lawsuit against her domestic abuse allegations
Luke Perry's Riverdale co-star Hayley Law recalls the moment he kindly offered to co-sign for her new car as she pays tribute to the late actor
Wes Nelson reveals he's 'lost 10kg in muscle' and his body has started to 'break down completely' amid training for Dancing On Ice final
Michael Jackson couldn't have raped accuser Wade Robson because child dancer was dating icon's niece at the time, according to singer's nephew
Catherine Tyldesley posts flashback baby bump snap as she applauds Gemma Atkinson for working out during her pregnancy
Vice President Meghan! Duchess of Sussex takes on new role at the Queen's Commonwealth Trust alongside husband Harry
David Beckham praises 'amazing' wife Victoria and daughter Harper as Amanda Holden poses in a tiny T-shirt for International Women's Day 2019
GMB's Kate Garraway is mercilessly mocked for her streaky brown dress as amused viewers liken her to a piece of BACON
Cheryl shows off her incredible figure in a VERY low-cut rainbow gown as she exits the Global Awards after bumping into ex Liam Payne on red carpet
Putting her best foot forward! Stylish Crown Princess Mary of Denmark sports over-the-knee boots for UN Women event in Copenhagen
Paris Hilton's famous party pad, where former BFF Kim Kardashian worked as her stylist before her fame, is up for rent for a staggering $30,000 PER MONTH
Phoebe Waller-Bridge is joined by Taylor Schilling, Dianna Agron and Marisa Tomei at star-studded opening night of Fleabag play in New York
Louis Tomlinson praised by fans for showing his 'bravery' in new single dedicated to late mother Johannah... as he 'wishes he had been taken instead'
Danielle Lloyd leaves bridal shop with a dress bag after admiring a white lace-hem gown ahead of wedding to Michael O'Neill
Jack Bannon films action scene for Batman prequel Pennyworth alongside Ben Aldridge
Kate announces a rare joint engagement with the Queen to King's College London this month - SEVEN years after their last solo outing together 
Irina Shayk EXC: Supermodel showcases her toned body in tiny  bikini in Miami getaway... after Bradley Cooper and Lady Gaga Oscar performance
Sophie at the Stock Exchange! Countess of Wessex looks chic in a £825 coat as she opens London markets for International Women's Day
Alesha Dixon says she was told 'black girls won't sell records' or star on the covers of magazines during her early career with Mis-Teeq
'I thought I was going to die': Love Island's Samira Mighty reveals breast cancer scare after finding a lump that Dr Alex told her to get checked
TOWIE's Shelby Tribble shows off her sizzling frame in TINY two-piece as she joins bikini-clad Clelia Theodorou while filming new series in Thailand
Anything William can do! Proud dads share tales of hair styling triumphs after prince revealed he's mastered Charlotte's ponytail
David Beckham 'concerns wife Victoria over growing friendship with supermodel Helena Christensen'
Robbie Williams poses happily with divorced parents following Vegas gig... as they are pictured together for first time in 45 YEARS after bitter split 
Khloe Kardashian faces heat from fans for posting throwback of True with Birkin bags: 'You could feed a few villages of starving children'
Billie Faiers' mum hits back at holidaymakers' complaints about 'raucous behaviour' at Maldives wedding as she post clip of rowdy party in the SEA 
Nicky Hilton embraces her style icon status in a chic fuzzy coat and leggings as she enjoys a jaunt in the brisk Big Apple weather
Pixie Lott oozes glamour in a low-cut white satin dress as she parties alongside her fiancé Oliver Cheshire at her sister's birthday bash
Paris says late father Michael Jackson had a 'good heart' and she's thinking about 'the bigger picture' after Finding Neverland documentary airs
BRIAN VINER: Maggie Gyllenhaal shines in the title role in The Kindergarten Teacher about a woman edging towards an irrational obsession
Driving them wild! Brooklyn Beckham's ex Lexi Wood and I'm a Celebrity star Justin Lacko turn up the heat for new fashion campaign
Charlotte Dawson grabs Christine McGuinness' VERY ample assets on fun night out in Manchester as star is seen for first time since hospital visit
Michelle Keegan makes rare red carpet appearance with Mark Wright at Global Awards... after he admitted they are 'under pressure' to have kids
Leonardo DiCaprio tries to keep a low profile as he and girlfriend Camila Morrone make rare public outing
Naomi Campbell has a VERY frosty response when quizzed about Liam Payne and Drake romance rumours on the Jonathan Ross Show  
Sophie Turner and fiancé Joe Jonas enjoy date night in LA after Game of Thrones star revealed the singer 'loves her more than he loves himself'      
Geordie Shore Abbie Holborn courts attention in a plaid suit as she joins busty Zahida Allen on wild night out in Manchester
Cameron Diaz heads out for a low-key trip to the grocery store in Beverly Hills... a year after she confirmed she has retired from acting
Jonas Brothers participate in revealing Carpool Karaoke as they take lie detector test and discuss their famous purity rings
Demi Lovato sends herself flowers and an inspiring 'you're beautiful and loved' note as she moves on from split with designer beau Henry Levy
Shawn Mendes 'likes' photo of ex Hailey Baldwin... before her husband Justin Bieber assures fans the pair are just 'friends'
Cheryl brings rainbow to the red carpet as she joins Michelle Keegan in fuchsia and pregnant Myleene Klass at the star-studded Global Awards
Luke Perry's on-screen son KJ Apa breaks his silence on tragic death of Riverdale castmate as he says 'Rest in Love bro'
Pete Davidson gets unicorn tattoo in NYC... as girlfriend Kate Beckinsale hangs with Henry Winkler in LA
Kate Beckinsale exudes off-duty glamour in skin-tight leather trousers and black stiletto boots during low-key Los Angeles outing
R. Kelly's ex lawyer says star was 'guilty as hell' in child pornography trial he was acquitted in 11 years ago and needed 'anti-libido drugs'
Katharine McPhee, 34, is supported by her proud fiancé David Foster, 69, at Waitress press night as her West End debut wins rave reviews
Supermodel Ashley Graham slams the label 'plus size' - saying curvy women should never be described based on 'the number inside her pants'
EXCL: Ashamed? Paris Jackson covers her face and refuses to answer questions about Leaving Neverland's paedophile claims against father Michael
Dina Lohan says 'when you know you know' of boyfriend of five years who she has NEVER MET as fans are concerned she's 'drunk' on Wendy Williams
Cole Sprouse and Lili Reinhart only have eyes for each other as they grace the premiere of his new film Five Feet Apart
ALISON BOSHOFF: Michael Jackson is accused of being a paedophile... but what's almost as shocking, is how he paraded his 'friendships' with boys while fans did nothing
Julianne Moore beats the cold in a large khaki puffer coat and boots she carries a large package around New York City
Gina Rodriguez rocks standout leather jacket as she cuddles up to fiance Joe LoCicero at the Five Feet Apart premiere
Revealed: 70% of anti-Meghan tweets sent in two months came from just TWENTY trolls whose accounts were 'created to produce negative content about the Duchess'
Who wore it better? Kim Kardashian steals Naomi Campbell's '90s catwalk look... after supermodel dissed reality star's Vogue cover
Little Mix lead winners at the Global Awards as they scoop TWO gongs... after Jesy Nelson pays emotional tribute to her bandmates
Blac Chyna flaunts her incredible curves in skintight orange jumpsuit after demanding Ryan Seacrest deposition
Mandy Moore says meeting husband Taylor Goldsmith on Instagram is a 'modern love story' 
Katie Piper EXCL: Presenter is feeling 'much better' after surgery in Pakistan left her covered in bruises as she makes first public appearance 
Dua Lipa turns heads in a striking neon green and black ensemble as she takes home TWO gongs at the Global Awards
Liam Payne smoulders in a navy suit as he bumps into ex Cheryl on the red carpet at the Global Awards... amid claims he is dating Naomi Campbell
Elle Fanning dresses down in sweater and sweatpants on outing with her mom in Beverly Hills... following glamorous PFW appearances 
Prince Harry risks environmentalists' wrath by taking helicopter from London to Birmingham two days before 'climate change' speech to young people
Fern Britton, 61, wows in vibrant photoshoot as she discusses her 'boobs going south', depression and downing gin after her mother's death
Prince Charles avoids teabags because they contain plastic and jokes his gut will have to be 're-engineered' because so much is in our food
Kanye West, Ty Dolla $ign and Kid Cudi sued by entertainer who says that they sampled his voice on Kids See Ghosts without permission
Kathy Bates and Brooklyn Decker keep it simple in black ensembles as they attend the Texas Film Awards in Austin
Myleene Klass cradles her blossoming baby bump as she steps out in a black one-shouldered gown while arriving at the Global Awards
Rochelle and Marvin Humes EXCLUSIVE: Couple put on a loved-up display at the Global Awards as the pair admit they won't rule out having another baby
Gemma Collins admits she's only 'sort of' in love with on-off beau James Argent as she insists she's 'sick of blokes' and wants to 'go missing'
Maggie Gyllenhaal slams reporter for writing that her voice was 'high-pitched' and 'cartoonish' in a profile piece about the actress 
Kaia Gerber surprised at airport by brother Presley... who picks up sister just after DUI charge
Taylor Swift's stalker appears in court after he 'broke into her Manhattan apartment by smashing a glass door then ransacked her home'
Carey Mulligan joins fellow Mumford wife Dianna Agron as they wrap up in cosy jackets and scarves while enjoying coffee break in New York 
JAN MOIR: Is Mel B the right kind of champion for abused women?
Ayda Williams booked Robbie to sing at the Girls 'cabaret' night. But the Boys were after Cher and 'three men waving their willies' on Celebrity Apprentice by JIM SHELLEY
Ricky Gervais promotes new Netflix comedy After Life in New York Ciry accompanied by partner Jane Fallon
Kelly Brook reveals her hourglass curves in metallic printed mini dress at the glitzy Global Awards 
Emma Bunton oozes sartorial chic in tailored black jumpsuit at the Global Awards... ahead of wedding to partner of 20 years Jade Jones
Jaden Smith covers up in casual gray hoodie with bright red padded jacket as he rides motorized suitcase at LAX
Alessandra Ambrosio channels her inner biker girl as she grabs lunch with friend in edgy leather jacket and patriotic sweatshirt 
BAZ BAMIGBOYE: Will Queen Olivia Colman be doing a spot of shoplifting? Oscar winner is in discussions to play a chain-smoking kleptomaniac film about bare-knuckle fighting
Katie Price unrecognisable in throwback lingerie snap... but risks angering Peter Andre AGAIN after being compared to Princess
Megan Barton Hanson flashes her ample sideboob in cut-out jumpsuit at star-studded app launch... after sparking reconciliation rumours with Wes 
The Son star Jess Weixler welcomes first child, a daughter named Beatrice Danger, with husband Hamish Brocklebank
Sheryl Crow goes retro in 1960s flower power as she attends the Third Annual Love Rocks NYC Benefit Concert for God's Love We Deliver
CBB's Roxanne Pallett claims she has been receiving treatment for PTSD, panic disorder and anxiety as she thanks fans for support in her 'darkest days'
Sofia Richie rocks Alexander Wang hoodie with see-through leggings and cat eye sunglasses as she heads out in Beverly Hills
Ian Ziering looks sporty while running errands in LA... after sharing touching tributes to late castmate Luke Perry
Holly Willoughby puts on a stylish display in a polka dot monochrome dress as she appears on The One show
Ryan Phillippe hides buff physique in dressed-down ensemble after Cruel Intentions 20th anniversary
Naomi Campbell and Gemma Collins forge an unlikely bond over their shared 'diva' reputations as The GC hails the supermodel her 'queen'
If you love hair-raising horror, this holiday is just the ticket: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV 
Haley Lu Richardson is pretty in pink as she has fun on red carpet by poking fun at her co-star at the Five Feet Apart premiere in Los Angeles
Game Of Thrones' Maisie Williams and Sophie Turner say 'all the stamina in the world' couldn't prepare them for final battle scene as they pose in British Vogue shoot 
BAZ BAMIGBOYE: Second helping of Downton movie could already be on the menu...
Lily Allen puts on a chic display in a black jumpsuit as she poses in a series of animated snaps to promote future TV appearance
Love Island's Dani Dyer cuts a stylish figure in black leather miniskirt as she leads stars at In The Style campaign launch
Jennifer Lopez bares her taut midriff in cropped sweater and matching sweats to board private plane with beau Alex Rodriguez in Miami
BAZ BAMIGBOYE: Oops! He did it again... songwriter Max Martin pens songs for & Juliet, a Shakespeare-inspired stage show that features two dozen or more of his hits
The Simpsons announce they'll cut their Michael Jackson episode where he sings Billie Jean and moonwalks from their archives 
Nicole Scherzinger opts for casual chic look upon arrival at LAX airport after release of intimate video with ex Lewis Hamilton
Karlie Kloss is sophisticated chic in a streamlined black dress and a blazer as she attends Project Runway premiere
Kendall Jenner is casual cool in brown leather jacket after filming KUWTK as she rallies round sisters amid cheating and billionaire controversies
Midsomer Murders: The 20th series of the most gloriously improbable whodunnits begins on Sunday... revel in these killer facts about the show and crack the clues hidden in each one... 
Charlotte Crosby enjoys a steamy kiss with boyfriend Joshua Ritchie at fashion party... after leaving event in tears WITHOUT him the previous night 
Shocking pictures show the scorched Malibu homes of Miley Cyrus, Kim Basinger, and Robin Thicke after devastating California wildfires left properties in ruins 
Love Island's Georgia Steel flaunts her jaw-dropping figure in white floral jumpsuit as she attends makeup launch bash
Lacey Chabert looks demure in a fitted sheath dress as she and Brendan Elliot stop by Hallmark Home and Family 
Alec Baldwin and his famous acting brothers flaunt their ripped abs in shirtless throwback snap
Dancing On Ice's Wes Nelson and ab-flashing Vanessa Bauer pose for new snaps before final showdown with James Jordan and Alexandra Schauman
She hasn't aged a day! Natalie Imbruglia, 44, stuns as she showcases her youthful good looks and taut visage in London
Brooklyn Beckham's Playboy model ex Lexi Wood stuns in a skintight crop top and leather joggers as she jets into Melbourne for fashion shoot
Kanye West gets counter-sued by record company EMI in New York to enforce 2003 publishing agreement
Morena Baccarin dons sheer skirt as she hits the red carpet with husband Ben McKenzie for premiere of Project Runway
Contented mum Dido returns with a seductive contender: ADRIAN THRILLS reviews slow-burning return of BRIT Award winner 
Lord Of The Rings: TV series 'to focus on a rarely explored era of Middle-Earth'... as Amazon tease new map for their $1billion show
Legs eleven! Victoria's Secret model Kelly Gale flaunts her incredibly long pins as she strips off into a white G-string in Stockholm
Sofia Richie sports a casual sweater and wet-look leggings as she heads for a workout in LA
Gisele Bundchen shows off magnificent mane of hair as she stuns as a golden goddess in Pantene Brasil ad
Celebs Go Dating: Love Island star Georgia Steel is blasted by agents for being 'self-absorbed' and 'fraudulent' after series of catastrophic dates
BBC boss claims the corporation has left Netflix trailing after the success of The Bodyguard which was watched by 17m viewers in one month 
Love Island's Hayley Hughes puts on a VERY busty display in plunging black leather mini dress as she celebrates her collection launch in Manchester
Cher heaps praise on 'fighter' Nancy Pelosi and slams 'old white men' like Trump in government
Nikki Sanderson looks smitten with beau Greg Whitehurst as they step out for app launch party in Manchester
Sofia Vergara is a Beverly Hills bombshell in clingy jeans and leopard-print stilettos
Cindy Crawford's son Presley Gerber, 19, 'charged with DUI and driving his Tesla with blood alcohol content of .08' which could land him in jail
Staci Felker weighs in on Miranda Lambert's surprise wedding... a year after then-husband 'left her' to be with country star
She's MARVEL-LOUS: BRIAN VINER reviews the franchise's first female superhero film Captain Marvel 
Celebs Go Dating: Mel B's sister Danielle reveals she stole her Spice Girls sibling's designer clothes for a date and ended up bumping into her
A daytime rave, a saxophonist, bongo drums and plenty of cocktails: Inside Billie Faiers' son Arthur's WILD 2nd birthday bash
We are selling! Sir Rod Stewart sells Essex mansion for knock-down £4.5m three years after putting it on market with £7.5million asking price 
Whoops! Ashley Graham suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she reveals her nude underwear in a thigh-split dress on the runway in Melbourne
Justin Bieber appears despondent as he exits NYC apartment alone... amid rumors of marriage troubles with Hailey Baldwin
Tiffani Thiessen shares touching tribute to Luke Perry calling her former 90210 co-star 'the definition of a gentleman'
Good Morning Britain presenters Charlotte Hawkins and Kate Garraway enjoy a girls' night out at the Global Awards
Danielle Armstrong shows off her phenomenal figure in a skimpy bikini as former TOWIE star holidays in Singapore
The Young and Restless star Kristoff St. John's ex-wife Mia reveals she broke her 30 years of sobriety after his sudden death last month
Lisa Rinna takes aim at RHOBH costar Lisa Vanderpump over potential Vanderpump Dogs spin-off: 'My lawyer will be calling' 
Dame Kelly Holmes targeted by trans activists after she objects to athletes who have transitioned competing in women's sport
Donna Air looks effortlessly chic in a shirt and flared black trousers as she attends Juvederm Beauty launch party
Hilary Duff delightedly pets a husky puppy on the street as she takes a break from shooting Younger in NYC
Keri Russell stands out in white as she poses with her Burn This co-stars Adam Driver, David Furr and Brandon Uranowitz at NYC photo call
Maren Morris flashes her toned midriff in neon crop top and leggings as she promotes new album Girl in New York City
Jack Osbourne is officially divorced from his ex Lisa Stelly... after calling it quits following six years of marriage 
Karate Kid sequel series Cobra Kai drops season two trailer revealing heated new rivalry between stars Ralph Macchio and William Zabka
From the ballroom to the barracks! Crown Princess Mary swaps her heels for boots as she attends a military training course with the Danish Home Guard 
Joanna Gaines shows off her tumbling skills on Instagram... as star impresses former OIympians Mary Lou Retton and Shawn Johnson
Chance The Rapper shares sweet story of meeting his future wife Kirsten when he was nine years old... as the couple prepare to marry this weekend
Chris Pratt says he has 'barely' helped fiancée Katherine Schwarzenegger plan their fall wedding as he's just too busy
Jack Whitehall enjoys rare family outing with dad Michael, 78, and mum Hilary, 57, as they attend Maiden premiere
No time for a tumble! Elle Macpherson looks elegant arriving at a business meeting in New York City - after falling over on the red carpet in Vienna
Taylor Swift reveals she has had 'dark and low times' in her life... but there is a free app that lifts her spirits: 'I've always found a tiny bit of relief from it'
'I would give anything to be able to play this show for you': Troye Sivan cancels his Paris concert due to illness - as he offers refunds to fans
Alexandra Cane embraces her 'real cellulite' as she poses in underwear after pining for her Love Island figure 
Grey's Anatomy recap: Jo feels pressured to have children and one couple proclaims their love for the first time
From 'hipster hangout' to the celebrity capital of Australia: How Chris Hemsworth and Elsa Pataky's boho lifestyle transformed Byron Bay 
Khloe Kardashian shares sultry selfie telling fans to 'stay positive' ... as source claims she's trying to move on from Tristan Thompson
Duchess of Cornwall delivers empowering speech ahead of International Women's Day declaring 'you've got one life...use it for the best possible purpose'
EastEnders' Danielle Harold is joined by new Ben Mitchell actor Max Bowden as they film scenes together
Bella Thorne asks 'who wants to be my girlfriend?' after splitting from YouTuber Tana Mongeau... as the star continues to date Mod Son
Eva Longoria says 'we need diversity in all facets' of Hollywood... as star poses for Marie Claire's Change Makers issue
Celebs Go Dating EXCL: Georgia Steel reveals she's looking for love and a man who will 'slap her a**e on his deathbed' as she admits why she's still single 
Mindy Kaling helps revive Emma Thompson's hosting career as the sole female writer on show's staff in first trailer for Amazon's comedy Late Night
Binky Felstead takes a rare break from mummy duties as she arrives in Dublin for perfume launch... after confessing she feels 'isolated' as a single parent
Liam Gallagher, 46, wears workout gear as he enjoys a casual afternoon stroll with his stylish and lookalike son Lennon, 19
Is this proof Jonny Depp DIDN'T hit Amber Heard? New questions over actress's injuries and evidence from key witnesses revealed in court papers for $50million lawsuit 
Kylie Jenner's ex-BFF Jordyn Woods LIKES self-made billionaire's racy Instagram snap... amid reports they 'have barely spoken in weeks'
Baptiste star Tom Hollander and his former fiancee are spotted arm in arm after breaking up nearly a decade ago 
Inside Samia Longchambon's luxury home: Coronation Street star's lavish abode features a plush games room and elegant garden for daily yoga practice
Kylie Jenner and Jordyn Woods reunited? Fans go wild after picture emerges of star having brunch with a woman who looks like former BFF
Holly Willoughby fans accuse her of being 'DRUNK' in hilarious One Show chat... as her dress is stapled back together after wardrobe malfunction
Khloe Kardashian sweetly kisses True while playboy Tristan Thompson parties poolside with bevy of women after break-up scandal 
Liam Payne reveals he was robbed at KNIFEPOINT aged 12 and admits he's 'lucky' to be alive after the incident
Victoria's Secret Angel Elsa Hosk glistens with sweat as she poses nude for new set of photos
Kylie Jenner raves about daughter Stormi as she celebrates International Women's Day with cuddly kissing snap
Love Island's Gabby Allen showcases her peachy derriere in TWO skimpy thong bikinis as she enjoys beach day in Mexico
Airwolf star Jan-Michael Vincent dies aged 74 after suffering cardiac arrest
Helicopters, hot air... and hypocrisy of Prince Harry: AMANDA PLATELL says nothing corrodes the credibility of a Royal faster than a 'do as I say, don't do as I do' mentality
Kim Kardashian and Khloe keep their eyes on the road as they make low-key exit from studio in luxury cars
Gigi Hadid looks casual but camera-ready as she leaves Milk studios after a photoshoot in NYC
Love Island's Chris Hughes' 'family home is targeted by burglars who stole two shotguns and a large amount of cash while he was sleeping'
Michael Jackson FBI files: 'Singer was probed over allegations he sexually abused two boys in the mid-80s - but investigation was dropped because singer was to get an honor from Ronald Reagan'
Repair starts on Anthony Hopkins' $5m Malibu mansion that is just feet away from falling off a CLIFF after torrential downpours caused precipice to erode
Hailey Baldwin looks every inch the fashion model as she braves chilly New York in two chic winter coats 
Masked burglar takes a selfie outside football manager Brendan Rodgers's home on the night it was ransacked 
Robbie Williams ensured victory for Ayda's team. Rylan and Sam Allardyce weren't so charitable to one another on Celebrity Apprentice by JIM SHELLEY
Hailey Baldwin looks every inch the fashion model in turtleneck sweater and chic Off-White trench coat as she braves the chilly New York weather
Oti Mabuse sizzles in scarlet gown as she makes her The One Show hosting debut... after revealing she has been approached to replace pregnant Alex Jones 
Mark Ronson confirms romance with 'nice girl' Rebecca Schwartz as he admits he can't listen to music during SEX
Celebrity Apprentice fans joke that the receptionist should be FIRED after they spot her watching CAT VIDEOS during tense boardroom scenes 
Louis Tomlinson reveals his friendship with Zayn Malik 'never got better' after singer 'didn't show' at his X Factor tribute performance to his late mother 
Diana Rigg, 80, reveals she 'suffered a #MeToo moment' in her early career by 'powerful' director... as she admits being a 'lone voice' in equal pay battle
Kylie Jenner's ex-boyfriend Tyga unveils silky long locks after getting a surprise make-over
TOWIE EXCLUSIVE: Shelby Tribble brands Yazmin Oukhellou a 'b***h' and says she's GLAD she's left the show
Diane von Furstenberg, 72, dishes that she once had a fling with Richard Gere, 69: 'It was a f***'
Andy Cohen beams with pride as he holds onto newborn son Benjamin: 'I now run a snuggle factory'
Fury as Ed Sheeran plans to transform a much-loved Spanish restaurant on Portobello Road into a laid back music bar after buying it for £1.5million
Migos rapper Quavo just bought a tiger named 'Cho'... and fans are outraged
Louis Tomlinson admits he doesn't know if he'll return to the X Factor judging panel...as he reveals 'it's a no brainer' One Direction will get back together
Doctors told Suranne Jones to pull out of playing the mother of a kidnapped girl in stage play Frozen after it left her with hallucinations and exhaustion
Jussie Smollett is facing up to 48 YEARS behind bars after being hit with 16 felony count indictment
'Maybe it is a white saviour thing - but we need the help': Family of the five-year-old boy Strictly TV star Stacey Dooley posed with in Uganda speak out amid Comic Relief row
Real Housewives of New Jersey husband Joe Giudice will no longer be released from prison next week as a decision over his deportation back to Italy hangs in the balance
Emmerdale SPOILER: Chas Dingle to hide baby secret... after emotional announcement to Laurel Thomas at Grace's grave
Channelling Bonnie and Clyde? Margot Robbie, 28, cuddles up to hunky male co-star Finn Cole, 21, in sneak peek photos from her new bank robber thriller Dreamland
Alex Jones is radiant as she displays her blossoming baby bump in distressed jeans and heart print jumper while departing BBC studios
Stephanie Davis' ex Charlie Clapham 'is dating Celebrity Big Brother star Jess Impiazzi... after her split from rugby star husband Denny Solomona'
Lily-Rose Depp bundles up in leather jacket and a scarf for NYC stroll with male companion
Cardi B set to rock the adults-only Days of Summer Cruise with support from Post Malone and DJ Khaled
Killing Eve Season 2 Trailer: Jodie Comer's Villanelle screams at a social media influencer and dresses up like a PIG... as Eve insists she has 'no feelings' for the psychopathic assassin
Bradley Cooper goes casual cool in ripped jeans and a backwards cap while out and about in LA
Snide impressions and hateful anecdotes... what the Queen Mother and Wallis Simpson told  MICHAEL THORNTON about each other
Taylor Swift's stalker says he 'doesn't regret' breaking into her Manhattan apartment for the third time and claims 'I don't want to hurt her'
Emmerdale SPOILER: Lisa Dingle to be KILLED OFF after 23 years on the soap as fans learn she has a terminal heart condition     
Hugh Grant looks focused as he takes a phone call in NYC while filming gritty scenes for new TV series The Undoing
Sarah Boulazeris sparks rumours of a secret wedding to model boyfriend Kris Smith after receiving flowers addressed to 'Sarah Smith'
Bam Margera shoves manager during meltdown before cancelling comedy gig and posts aggressive video messages to his wife... a month after leaving rehab early
The Bold and the Beautiful's Jacqueline MacInnes Wood welcomes son Rise with husband 
Katie Price is SLAMMED for using her children to promote low fat syrups as fans  claim they're 'full of rubbish'
Vicky Pattison showcases her incredible bikini body in vibrant neon two piece for sizzling social media snap 
Luke Perry's daughter Sophie shares throwback photos in sweet tribute to her mom: 'I could not get through this absolute s*** situation without you'
Lisa Vanderpump retweets post calling for firing of RHOBH castmates... and Kyle Richards takes notice
Kris Jenner admits there's been 'a lot going on' in the Kardashian family amid Jordyn Woods cheating scandal... as she praises her daughters for their 'work ethic'
Gigi Hadid keeps it cozy in long puffer jacket and Ugg slippers in between takes of Maybelline shoot in New York
Nene Leakes unfollows all but TWO Real Housewives Of Atlanta cast-mates on Instagram after taping explosive reunion
TOWIE's Shelby Tribble 'ended up in bed' with fellow castmate Sam Mucklow...before star's explosive rant declaring 'I always attract the wrongun'
Celebrity Apprentice viewers are left confused after they spot Ayda Field using one number to call EVERY member of Take That
Jesy Nelson reveals her ample cleavage and taut midriff in tiny bralet... after new beau Chris Hughes said he's the 'happiest he's ever been'
Michelle Keegan pays a touching tribute to mum Jacqueline and 'the strong women in her life' as she marks International Women's Day
RHONY's Sonja Morgan gives tour of her petite pink Columbus Circle apartment with daughter Quincy
Love Island's Jess Shears flaunts her peachy posterior in  thong bikini... as Dom Lever pays tribute for International Women's Day
Kim Kardashian allows Chicago to walk in high heels before gifting her a $15K mini Hermes purse... after Khloe was slammed for something similar
Idris Elba, 46, begs 'stupid' thugs to stop stabbing each other over 'beef' as he takes aim at Britain's knife crime epidemic in  Instagram video
EXCLUSIVE: Project Runway host Karlie Kloss tells DailyMailTV she has 'a lot to share' with the next generation of designers ... as hit show returns to Bravo
Demi Lovato looks in great spirits as she is spotted out for FIRST TIME since breaking up with designer beau Henri Levy
Ariana Grande says she's 'empowered' and 'not asking for it' in bold video released on International Women's Day
Myleene Klass reveals her growing baby bump in flowing floral maxi dress as she heads to work at the radio station  
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley wows in tailored jacket and leather leggings as she is joined by Behati Prinsloo and Stella Maxwell for 7 For All Mankind launch
Lauren Goodger leaves swanky club with ex Joey Morrisson's lookalike relative... following raucous night with the jailbird, his family and their pals 
Lupita Nyong'o reveals she still has Jared Leto 'on speed dial' after 'intimacy grew' between them... as she discusses being protected by Hollywood stars at career start
'Will cherish these moments': Kate Upton shares new breastfeeding snap in honor of International Women's Day
Lindsey Vonn shows plenty of skin in behind-the-scenes images from her Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue shoot
Behati Prinsloo reveals she hopes to have more children with husband Adam Levine: 'I always wanted a big family'
Chris Pratt shows off athletic prowess as he runs to gym in LA... after admitting he has 'barely' helped Katherine Schwarzenegger plan wedding
Grownish star Yara Shahidi is honored with her own Barbie doll on International Women's Day
Emily Ratajkowski is seen in a puffy jacket as she runs errands in NYC... after telling Kendall Jenner her mother inspired her to be a feminist
Plus-size model Tess Holliday reveals she drives for TWO HOURS to workout with her trainer, while hitting back at critics who claim she's unhealthy 
Vogue Williams goes make-up free as she spends three hours at hair salon before unveiling new platinum locks 
Jessica Biel films scenes in Vancouver for new Facebook Watch thriller Limetown about the mysterious disappearance of 300 people
Ex On The Beach star Kayleigh Morris flashes her braless assets in tiny crop-top as she enjoys a night on the town in London
Love Island's Hayley Hughes shows off her toned figure in fitted jeans and low-cut top while flaunting her bare-faced beauty during lunch outing
Lindsey Vonn reflects on her retirement from skiing at 34 following surgery: 'I haven't quite accepted it'
EXCLUSIVE: These are the iron-clad NDA contracts Michael Jackson used to keep his employees from divulging  details of his intimacy with young boys 
Kenya Moore tries to get daughter Brooklyn to say her first word in video of adorable four-month-old tot
Jenna Dewan is a bombshell in blue with gleaming coat and sky-high stilettos 
EXCLUSIVE: Queen movie says our brother Paul tried to seduce Freddie Mercury and stop him playing Live Aid - but it is ALL untrue says family of band's manager
Love Island's Laura Anderson flaunts her abs in a cropped hoodie as she cuddles her sleeping Pomeranian puppy on walk
Christie Brinkley, 65, shows she's still got it as she twirls and sings her way through first rehearsal for her upcoming Chicago tour 
Elle Fanning reveals she sought out role in Teen Spirit so she could sing in a movie: 'I always had this dream of being a pop star'
Serena Williams pens inspiring essay for International Women's Day: 'We have to show ourselves and our female counterparts compassion'
Ryan Reynolds shares adorable throwback photo from his hometown newspaper with a hilarious caption
How does one work these things? Prince Charles gets to grips with an Apple computer during visit to a college in Reading
Daniel Craig gears up for Bond 25 as preparations for filming get underway in Italian city ahead of 2020 release
Whoopi Goldberg reveals she almost DIED in past month when she went septic while battling pneumonia in both lungs
Hilary Duff looks happy as she gets a visit from her baby daughter Banks on the NYC set of her TV show Younger
EXCLUSIVE: Young Sheldon actress Ava Cantrell reveals she was assaulted by a man in Hollywood who grabbed her by the neck and refused to let go 
Kimberly Guilfoyle celebrates her 50th birthday with the 'people she loves' including boyfriend Donald Trump Jr, and Eric and Lara 
Disney boss says Jimmy Kimmel and Joy Behar in blackface a 'private matter' which he has dealt with
Barron Trump, 12, enjoys a day off school as he joins Melania and a  Donald on trip to tornado-struck Alabama, before the trio heads off to sunny Mar-a-Lago
Countess of Wessex vows to dedicate herself to supporting victims of sexual violence in conflict at her second International Women's Day event - after opening the London Stock Exchange
Jordyn Woods returns to Instagram with talk of God and feminist heroes, including mother Elizabeth
Matthew McConaughey looks dapper in glasses and a newsboy cap at Fast Company's SXSW grill gathering
Bethenny Frankel complains about being diagnosed with 'leaky gut syndrome' plus a wheat allergy
headlines
Meghan loses her THIRD key Palace aide in just a few months as Duchess's right-hand woman Amy Pickerill quits and will leave later this month 
Pink shows no mercy as she FIRES BACK at 'confused fan' for trolling her sweet family Instagram snap
TOWIE EXC: Shelby Tribble reveals ex Pete Wicks has apologised six months after 'nasty break-up'... amid claims she 'ended up in bed' with Sam Mucklow 
Billie Faiers wows in bridal-inspired bikini before going snorkelling during RAUCOUS Maldives wedding festivities... amid claims her nuptials 'turned paradise into Southend'
'Selfie queen' Karen Danczuk, 35, 'charges £150 for wet T-shirt pictures on pay-per-view website used by porn stars and sex workers'
Priyanka Chopra exudes glamour in a stunning ice blue sari as she joins husband Nick Jonas for billionaire heir Akash Ambani's wedding in Mumbai
Cheryl RULES OUT Strictly... despite her Greatest Dancer co-judge Oti Mabuse insisting the show would 'bring out another side' to the star
Jesy Nelson flaunts her taut abs in a tiny bralet as she enjoys night out with new beau Chris Hughes after he admits he's the 'happiest he's ever been'
Kate Wright proves a far cry from her usual glamour as she wears glasses and a simple black top in barely recognisable throwback snap
Gemma Collins expresses desire to move to LA so 'cameras can always follow her'... as she hints at exciting music project in cosy snap with producer Naughty Boy
Katie Price and Kris Boyson fly business as they jet off on another tropical holiday... amid claims 'she could be forced to sell mansion after £2.1m debt'
TOWIE veteran Chloe Sims, 36, wows in silver mini as she joins newbie Chloe Ross, 26, on Thailand night out... amid claims cast are 'FURIOUS at bosses for new young signings'
Olivia Culpo displays her envy-inducing abs in 'Girl Power' crop top with edgy ripped jeans as she steps out for dinner in Hollywood
Gwyneth Paltrow shares lovely snap with her mother-in-law and ex Chris Martin's mum as she celebrates International Women's Day
Georgia Toffolo cuts a glamorous figure in frothy tiered dress as she hits the town for Soho night out 
Jordyn Woods returns to social media for FIRST time since falling out with Kardashian-Jenners over cheating scandal
Princess Eugenie cuts an elegant figure in chic trench while rocking a fashion-forward thick brow as she enjoys a Mayfair night out 
Ashley Graham proves her bombshell status as she models her own lingerie line in makeup-free photo
Kylie Jenner fans go wild after picture emerges of star having brunch with a Jordyn Woods look-a-like... who turns out to be close pal Heather Sanders
'Human Ken Doll' Rodrigo Alves flaunts his surgically-enhanced figure in a velvet blazer as he heads out in Istanbul... after being left 'in tears' following chin implant rupture
Got to be certain! Kylie Minogue, 50, performs a sound check before her Golden Tour concert at Sir James Mitchell Park in Perth
Jennifer Lopez shows off her 'beach bum' during tropical getaway with Alex Rodriguez
Nicki Minaj shows off her famous curves in a skintight designer jumpsuit as she steps out with jailbird beau Kenneth Petty in Paris
Red hot! Victoria's Secret model Shanina Shaik works up a sweat as she cosies up to husband DJ Ruckus in a trendy infrared sauna 
R. Kelly DENIES that being sexually abused as a child had any lasting affect on him during his explosive interview with Gayle King 
Hospital gown worn by Kurt Cobain at last British Nivarna gig before rock star shot himself goes on sale for £40,000
Heidi Klum dons bizarre pink feathered hoodie for Christian Cowan x The Powerpuff Girls runway show
Victoria's Secret model Shanina Shaik comes under attack for her risqué nude to celebrate International Women's Day... with fans claiming it is 'too sexual'
'I don't really like to go back!' Iggy Azalea claims she would 'never be able to live in Australia' again... after famously declaring she has 'no connection to her home country'
Kat Graham dons pink monokini while splashing in the surf during Playa del Carmen vacation
Arnold Schwarzenegger takes break from hectic schedule to enjoy quality time with daughter Christina over relaxing spa session
Meow! Rebel Wilson dresses up as a pink kitty after friends surprise her with a 'catersize' workout for her 39th birthday celebrations
'Make me pretty!' A barefaced Iggy Azalea looks unrecognisable before undergoing a dramatic makeover from teenage beauty guru James Charles
Busy Philipps brings the flower power to SXSW in ruffled floral dress with glossy cowboy boots 
Backstreet Boys' Brian Littrell says *NSYNC supergroup could only happen 'if they get Justin back'
Lupita Nyong'o cuts a fierce figure in striking white cut-out suit and a line of red across her face during the premiere of Us at SXSW
Ben Affleck teams up with Charlie Hunnam at Triple Frontier premiere in Singapore... after reigniting relationship with Lindsay Shookus
If you've got it! Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière in skimpy pyjama bottoms just two months after giving birth to son Forest
Luke Perry's fiancée is pictured for first time since his death as it's revealed he may be buried in 'celebrity cemetery' where Carrie Fisher and Paul Walker are laid to rest
Elisabeth Moss shows edgy side as she sports black leather jacket over beige midi dress at screening of Us at SXSW
Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez are engaged! Power couple show off MASSIVE diamond engagement ring after proposal during beach getaway
PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Jenna Coleman displays caution when she steps from a bathing machine in the next series of ITV drama Victoria 
Megan Barton Hanson EXCLUSIVE: 'Gutted' star is 'not surprised' over claims Wes Nelson and Vanessa Bauer 'DID have a fling in early stages of DOI'
The Last Leg's Alex Brooker 'trying to save his marriage amid claims he had an affair with beautician he met while filming the Channel 4 series'
Kim Kardashian looks sensational as she showcases her curves in a low-cut white dress as she shares throwbacks from her Montreal trip
Lily Allen claims the police tried to use knowledge of her relationship with MC Meridian Dan to 'get rid' of her stalker case against Alex Gray
Naomi Campbell, 48, and Liam Payne, 25, attend the SAME Formula E party together in Hong Kong amid romance rumours  
Ashley Banjo shares a sweet picture of his newborn baby Rose wearing his baseball hat as he jokes she's the newest member of Diversity 
Tom Hardy looks unrecognisable as he strikes an ominous pose to embody his role as gangster Al Capone in behind-the-scenes images of Fonzo
Sandi Toksvig SLAMS Olivia Colman's film The Favourite and reveals the portrayal of lesbian couples made her 'really mad'
Bodyguard star Richard Madden is 'thinking of moving to the United States to try out his luck in Hollywood as his career continues to grow'
Simon Cowell's son Eric enjoys lavish fifth birthday party with mum Lauren Silverman, the music mogul's ex Terri Seymour and her daughter Coco 
DJs David Guetta and Cedric Gervais have a PDA-filled beach day with their stunning bikini-clad girlfriends in Miami 
Kourtney Kardashian shares touching childhood photos of herself and Kim Kardashian: 'Best friends forever'
Four Weddings And A Funeral is morally bankrupt - and Hugh Grant plays a 'callous little s***', said film chiefs (before film went on to make £190million)
Storm in an 'expresso' cup! Mary Berry faces criticism for her poor pronunciation of Italian culinary terms 
The Inbetweeners' Joe Thomas appears VERY worse-for-wear as he slumps against a wall during boozy date night with bleary-eyed co-star fiancée Hannah Tointon
Luke Perry's fiancee Wendy Madison Bauer breaks her silence after his sudden death
Harry Redknapp breaks down while discussing love for wife Sandra in emotional moment on Jonathan Ross show
Esther Rantzen reveals her mother forced her to socialise with a creepy 'uncle' who molested her as a little girl
Queen fells beloved Windsor Castle oak trees to rebuild a ship fit for a Saxon king: Royal boost for £100,000 project 
Tamara Ecclestone puts on a stylish display in a tiger-print dress for a lavish dinner with husband Jay Rutland
England footballer Adam Johnson's ex-girlfriend Stacey Flounders reveals he went 'white with fear' when police arrived at his home 
Paris Jackson shirks her late father Michael's controversy as she smokes a bong in brazen clip... after insisting he had a 'good heart' amid Leaving Neverland abuse claims
Ant McPartlin PIC EXC: TV star locks lips with Anne-Marie Corbett before playing doting uncle to Dec's daughter during low-key stroll... as he enjoys custody of beloved pup Hurley
George Foreman's boxer daughter Freeda is found dead at 42 in Houston-area home
TALK OF THE TOWN: After Led Zeppelin legend's planning battle with neighbour Robbie Williams... now Jimmy Page declares war on the man from the Pru
TALK OF THE TOWN: Duchess of Sussex's former personal assistant lands a new job with the clan which owns Cliveden
Call The Midwife's Judy Parfitt reveals heartbreak of nursing her husband with dementia... but admits thinking of his suffering would make her 'top herself'
Imogen Thomas dazzles in plunging printed blouse and white mini skirt as she enjoys night out in London
Jennifer Garner picks up a bagel and coffee as ex husband Ben Affleck rekindles Lindsay Shookus romance
Susanna Reid puts on a stoic display as she watches boyfriend Steve Parish's team Crystal Palace lose to Brighton & Hove Albion
The Voice UK: Jennifer Hudson breaks down in tears as she eliminates one of her acts from the competition
Megan Barton Hanson fires back at trolls by wearing a 'f**k haters' hair clip... as ex Wes Nelson claims 'it's pretty clear' he WON'T reunite with her
Helena Christensen, 50, looks sensational as she shares a VERY busty Instagram selfie in a tiny plunging black top 
Mamma Mia! Pictures that show Comic Relief spoof featuring Gemma Arterton, Susan Calman and Rose Johnson is Abbasolutely spot-on 
Katherine Schwarzenegger puts a fun twist on a classic suit while stepping out for the premiere of Superpower Dogs
Coronation Street's Lucy Fallon exudes elegance in navy pinafore dress as she enjoys girls night out in Manchester 
Lady Victoria Hervey, 42, bares all as she puts on an eye-popping display and goes braless in a VERY risqué sheer nude coloured catsuit
Michael Jackson's sales drop in the U.S after Leaving Neverland documentary... as singer's albums moves UP the UK chart
Michael Jackson supporters send his albums soaring in the UK charts after watching documentary despite furore over child abuse claims
Vicky Pattison pays tribute to her late best friend Paul Burns as she honours his birthday with a touching post     
Sir Cliff Richard joins battle for a law change after suffering 'years of hell' over false accusations of sex abuse 
Diane Kruger, 42, looks every inch the doting mum as she smiles at her four-month-old daughter and takes the infant for a stroll with female pal
TOWIE's Chloe Meadows showcases her envy-inducing figure in a plunging polka dot bikini as she basks by the pool with Courtney Green in Thailand
Jennie Garth slams social media trolls who called her out for not mourning 90210 castmate Luke Perry's death online
Khloe Kardashian puts her sunglasses on her baby daughter True after splitting from cheating baby daddy Tristan Thompson
Khloe Kardashian warns fans 'your perception of me is a reflection of you' as she posts glam selfie after Tristan Thompson break-up
Kylie Jenner hugs dad Caitlyn and her companion Sophia Hutchins amid a turbulent few weeks for the newly-minted billionaire
Lupita Nyong'o looks sensational in a multi-patterned dress while attending the premiere of Little Monsters at SXSW
Rod Stewart, 74, cuts a dapper figure in a black suit and Celtic tie pin as he cheers on his beloved team in Glasgow
Catherine Tyldesley exudes elegance in animal-print dress and leather jacket as she goes furniture shopping with husband Tom Pitfield
Wes Nelson is forced to seek medical help as he 'pops a bone' out of his wrist during Dancing On Ice rehearsals just ONE day before the final 
Celebs Go Dating EXCLUSIVE: Chelsee Healey reveals she has 'feelings' as she secures second date...after previously threatening to quit show
Emma Bunton shows off her candyfloss coloured tresses as she is mobbed by delighted Spice Girls fans at BBC Radio 2
Jorgie Porter puts on a busty display in bodycon floral dress as she arrives at glittering charity ball in Manchester 
Ciara wear her swimsuit as she cuddles little Sienna during yacht trip with Russell Wilson and her son Future
Michael Jackson's infamous Neverland Ranch reduced by $70m to $31m... as retreat features in HBO documentary
Duchess of Sussex is 'very sad' as her most trusted aide Amy Pickerill becomes the fourth member of her team to quit in five months 
Emmerdale's Danny Miller shares concerning tweet over 'a person threatening another person in a car whilst driving with a metal bat'
Sophie Turner looks chic in yellow and black mini dress as she takes a selfie with fiancé Joe Jonas at NBA game in NYC
Amber Heard is corporate chic in a fiery orange while Padma Lakshmi is a bombshell in blue at SXSW
Ed Sheeran's wildlife pond is just a posh swimming pool, say furious locals... so are the 'changing room' and 'diving board' for the newts or tadpoles?
Cara Delevingne oozes style in aviator jacket and shades as she cradles an adorable pooch at Superpower Dogs film premiere in Los Angeles 
Caitlyn Jenner, 69, and gal pal Sophia Hutchins, 22, mingle with Olympian Adam Rippon at tennis open in California  
Priyanka Chopra exudes glamour in a stunning ice blue lace sari as she joins her family for billionaire heir Akash Ambani's wedding in Mumbai
Jennifer Lawrence looks chic in a cream coat and denim jeans as she goes apartment hunting in New York after celebrating her engagement
Myleene Klass displays her blossoming baby bump in navy printed dress as she leaves radio studios in London 
Gwyneth Paltrow looks stylish as she keeps warm in a grey trench coat after leaving a Goop event in snowy New York City
Andy Cohen enjoys a 'great date' with BFF Sarah Jessica Parker as he takes a break from daddy duty
Love Island's Laura Anderson shows off her toned pins in periwinkle dress as she bring her adorable pet pooch to star-studded day three of Crufts
Laura Whitmore reveals her toned legs in chic pinstripe shirt dress and ankle boots as she attends glitzy beauty festival
David Bowie, Elton John and The Rolling Stones among iconic Terry O'Neill images shown in a new exhibition of his legendary career
Khloe Kardashian cuts a casual figure as she heads to a laser clinic in LA as her ex Tristan Thompson is seen in Miami after split 
Teresa Giudice breaks down as she sips wine after ditching wedding ring... as Joe's prison release is cancelled ahead of deportation ruling
Hailey Baldwin oozes Manhattan chic in head-to-toe black ensemble as she makes a solo coffee trip in snowy NYC 
TALK OF THE TOWN: Meet Gwyneth Paltrow's very modern family... as she poses with TWO mothers-in-law for International Women's Day
EastEnders' new £87 MILLION set begins to take shape allowing the soap to be filmed in high definition for the first time
'I try to be fun all the time!' Ricky Gervais, 57, says unlike his latest character he's doesn't suffer from depression and sees life as 'exciting and finite'
Jussie Smollett's attorney says the 16 count indictment is 'overkill' and 'vindictive' and claims the Empire star is a victim of 'media lynching' 
Natalie Portman cuts a casual figure as she enjoys a tasty-looking burrito and enjoys a casual lunch with a male pal
Brie Larson's Captain Marvel powers to $155m as it debuts at U.S. box office
Eva Longoria worries her baby Santiago is 'growing too fast' as he starts standing at nine-months-old
Chrissy Teigen rocks a turban as she poses with John Legend at screening of Jordan Peele's hot new horror Us
Roxanne Pallett looks in high spirits as she frolics in Greece... after revealing the impact CBB punch-gate has had on her health
Gemma Collins SLAMMED by viewers as 'rude' TOWIE star 'interrupts' Naomi Campbell and sits with her BACK to guests on Jonathan Ross 
Chloe Sims' sister Demi flashes plenty of underboob in a VERY revealing black swimsuit as she joins sibling and bikini-clad cast filming in Thailand
Megan Barton Hanson 'furiously calls 'sly' ex Wes Nelson a 'scumbag' for sexting Amber Davies'.... as he says split got him to Dancing On Ice final 
Little Mix's Jesy Nelson cosies up to new beau Chris Hughes during romantic date night after he admitted he's the 'happiest he's ever been'
The Crown Season Three: First look at Marion Bailey as the Queen Mother while Olivia Coleman transforms into monarch 
Victoria Beckham shares sweet childhood snaps as she lauds her mother and 'fashion inspiration' Jackie on her birthday
Sarah Harding 'kicked out of her home after her pets pooed all over house causing £17,000 worth of damage'
Billie Faiers sizzles in a leopard print bikini as she enjoys a beach day with daughter Nelly in the Maldives after raucous wedding 
Kim Kardashian crowns son Saint West The King Of Hide And Seek as she finally finds him face down in ball pit 
TOWIE EXCLUSIVE: Chloe Meadows reveals plans to MARRY her secret banker boyfriend George Wales as she gushes she's the happiest she's been'
Calvin Harris lists his sprawling Hollywood Hills mansion for $5.75million complete with six bathrooms, an enviable bar area and a swimming pool
TOWIE's Georgia Kousoulou turns up the heat as she displays her stunning curves in a tangerine bandeau bikini for filming in Thailand
Khloe Kardashian celebrates best friend Malika's 36th birthday in series of throwback snaps with her twin sister Khadijah Haqq McCray
Izabel Goulart leaves nothing to the imagination as she showcases her incredible figure in diamante chain bra at Rio Carnival
Ferne McCann sizzles in skimpy navy bikini as she parties after BFF Billie Faiers' raucous Maldives wedding
TOWIE's Amber Turner and Dan Edgar 'attempted to rekindle their romance as they enjoyed a secret Valentine's dinner' just two months after split
What a rock! How Jennifer Lopez's $1m engagement ring from Alex Rodriguez compares to her four previous proposal sparklers
Justin Bieber's launches second House Of Drew collection... as fans await delayed deliveries from sold out first clothing range 
Nicki Minaj keeps a low-profile as she heads out in Paris with boyfriend Kenneth Petty after cancelling second concert
Megan McKenna accentuates her figure in PVC trousers and white shirt as she makes a VERY bleary-eyed departure from London restaurant
Emma Bunton admits she felt 'angry' at Geri Horner following her shock departure from the Spice Girls with 'no words' and 'no explanation'
Lea Michele ties the knot with boyfriend of two years Zandy Reich: 'We're so happy to spend the rest of our lives together'
Liev Schreiber, 51, proves he's young at heart as he plays basketball with girlfriend Taylor Neisen, 26 
Rebekah Vardy cosies up to husband Jamie as they celebrate his 100th goal for Leicester with romantic dinner
'My dear, departed friend': Sarah Ferguson posts heartfelt Instagram tribute to Diana - as she celebrates the 'strong women' in her life
Lily James looks effortlessly chic in cream trench coat as she and boyfriend Matt Smith enjoy a casual stroll with their pet pooch
Tragic Prodigy star Keith Flint 'had a secret relationship with a mother-of-three for more than two years before his death' 
Naomi Campbell, 48, catches the eye in quirky denim puffball jacket as she and rumoured beau Liam Payne, 25, attend Formula E-Prix
Ashley Benson cuts a casual figure in black coat and biker boots as she joins friend for night out in West Hollywood
Ant McPartlin 'set to move into new £5million London home in the summer without girlfriend Anne-Marie Corbett'
Quite a present! Queen marks Prince Edward's 55th birthday by giving her youngest son a new title - the Earl of Forar - to use when in Scotland
Saturday Night Live: Gwyneth Paltrow pokes fun at her Goop wellness empire in cameo as a hilariously unprepared employee
Has Jennifer Lopez finally met Mr. Right? The highs and lows of her quest for love, from Ben Affleck to Diddy and boy toy dancers
Charlize Theron feasts on BBQ with her stylist after promoting her new comedy Long Shot at SXSW
Justin Bieber admits he's been 'struggling a lot'... amid rumors of marriage woes with Hailey Baldwin 
Duchess plumps for shorter skirts as she nears the end of her pregnancy - but maintains royal modesty with chic high necklines
April Love Geary posts a steamy nude photo to celebrate fiancé Robin Thicke's birthday
Kylie Minogue dons a retro apricot-toned frock and is handed flowers by an eager fan at Perth Airport as she jets out ahead of Adelaide concert
Reese Witherspoon glams it up with a blue sequined dress for an evening of disco dancing
'A film with a bunch of brown faces would not have been made 10 years ago': Dev Patel on his new film 'embracing' non-white actors
Matthew McConaughey turns The Beach Bum premiere into a family affair as he attends show with wife Camila Alves and mother Mary
Charlize Theron dazzles in colorful mini-dress during SXSW premiere of her new comedy Long Shot
Nicki Minaj smokes a blunt and addresses disappointed fans after canceling her second French concert
Dita Von Teese looks sensational in a polka dot skirt and fitted sweater while shopping with boyfriend Adam Rajcevich
Olivia Wilde is pretty in pink as she poses with the cast of her directorial debut Booksmart at SXSW
Luke Perry's fiancée joins his son and ex-wife for family dinner at a LA restaurant hours before she broke her silence following the actor's death aged 52 
Pete Davidso mocks those who question the 20-year age difference between him and Kate Beckinsale and makes joke about the Catholic Church and R Kelly
Demi Moore rocks her sweater weather best as she strikes silly pose with Elle Macpherson at In goop Health Summit
Jon Hamm sharpens up in a gray plaid suit as he attends the Good Omens premiere at SXSW
Paris Hilton saunters into LAX wearing a summery flower print dress while accompanied by a mystery man
Brandi Glanville feels vindicated by Real Housewives of Beverly Hills cast turning on Lisa Vanderpump over 'Puppy Gate'
Dance Moms' Abby Lee Miller looks happy and healthy in new Instagram snaps as she continues her road to recovery from Burkitt lymphoma
Gwyneth Paltrow keeps warm in a grey trench coat after leaving In Goop Health Summit in New York City
James Jordan WINS Dancing On Ice: Ex-Strictly pro beats Wes Nelson and Vanessa Bauer after their raunchy final routine
Billie Faiers and Greg Shepherd's wedding FIRST LOOK: Bride dazzles in plunging gown on 'best day of her life' 
Dancing On Ice FINAL: Viewers BLAST Gemma Collins as she returns for one last routine... but KNEELS on the rink and doesn't skate AT ALL
Kanye West carries a sleepy North to church with Kim Kardashian... as Paris Jackson joins the worshippers
Strictly's Katya Jones reveals husband Neil comforted HER after kissing Seann Walsh and admits she sees the scandal as a 'learning process'
Naomi Campbell, 48, and Liam Payne, 25, are 'all over each other' at Formula E Hong Kong E-Prix ...but refuse to be pictured together
Jennifer Lawrence's new fiance Cooke Maroney sweetly kisses her head on romantic date night
Killing Eve writer Phoebe Waller-Bridge says seeing violent female characters on our television screens is 'oddly empowering'
Holly Willoughby leaves Dancing On Ice viewers confused after wearing bizarre designer gown featuring random black patches
Dancing On Ice FINAL: Phillip Schofield makes VERY suggestive remark about Wes Nelson and Vanessa Bauer... as pair are announced runners-up
Sam Faiers takes her family on ANOTHER exotic island getaway following her sister Billie Faiers' raucous Maldives wedding
The Crown Season Three: First look at Marion Bailey as the Queen Mother while Olivia Colman transforms into monarch 
Danniella Westbrook shares a selfie from her hospital bed after having tumours removed from her womb following cancer diagnosis
Gemma Atkinson posts sweet snap of pet dogs with her blossoming baby bump...as she complains of 'being kicked in the uterus'
Mila Kunis pairs pink sleeveless top with tailored black trousers at Wonder Park premiere in LA
'Have you learned nothing?': Baptiste viewers mock French detective's blunder in episode packed with twists and a shocking death 
Rotten weather in Midsomer? That's what I call a real crime: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews the weekend's TV 
Chrissy Teigen and baby Miles watch as Luna enjoys the fairground rides on trip to the farmer's market
Meg Ryan and daughter Daisy bundle up to hit the flower market as they take a stroll in New York
Love Island's Montana Brown flaunts her enviable figure in a tiny black bikini as she relaxes on the beach
Les Mis star David Oyewolo wants to be first black James Bond saying it would give generation of youngsters 'a superhero to identify with'
Nina Dobrev shows off her legs in hotpants as she promotes her new film Run This Town at SXSW
Kourtney Kardashian gets away from it all with a night at the beach with kids Penelope and Reign  
True Thompson is a true California girl as she plays at the beach... as mom Khloe Kardashian tweets about her 'future so bright'
Dancing On Ice: Wes Nelson's wrist bone 'keeps popping out' as James Jordan suffers painful shoulder injury... HOURS before taking part in the final
Sheridan Smith is in talks to play former glamour model Sam Fox in television drama about her rise to fame
The one lesson I've learned from life: Davina McCall says exercise doesn't have to be a chore
Kenya Moore shares adorable photo of baby Brooklyn wearing a tiny Arsenal jersey as she watches the match with dad Marc Daly
Jennifer Garner keeps the faith as she wears smart trousers and jacket on solo trip to church
Emily Atack reveals it has taken 'some time' for her to feel comfortable in her own skin after she was 'fat-shamed' by online trolls
Chance The Rapper marries longtime girlfriend Kirsten Corley in 'romantic' Newport Beach ceremony with guests Kim Kardashian and Kanye West
Pudsey would be so proud! Britain's Got Talent winner Ashleigh Butler wins at Crufts with her new dog after death of her TV co-star
Gemma Collins and DOI judge Jason Gardiner 'will be kept separate during finale' as she UNFOLLOWS her former co-stars for social media cleanse
Starring as Diana: Hairdresser, 26, who works at her mother's salon in the Valleys to play the Princess of Wales on stage in upcoming West End show 
Candice Swanepoel leaves little to the imagination in cheeky bikini bottoms before yoga on the beach in Brazil
Georgia Toffolo shows off her edgy style in a red print dress with black biker boots as she steps out in London
Top Marvel executive says it's time for a gay superhero amid rumors that the franchise will have an LBGTQ lead for its upcoming 'Eternals' film
R Kelly's legal team furiously DENY he is the man caught on a newly-discovered VHS tape from the 90s 'sexually abusing young African American girls' 
Chloe Khan shows off the results of bum job after replacing her 'saggy' implants in Turkey.... before marking anniversary with secret boyfriend 
Declan Donnelly's wife Ali Astall cuts a casual figure in black coat and boots as she goes for afternoon stroll with baby daughter Isla 
Leading ladies! Ruby Rose wraps her arm around Batwoman co-star Rachel Skarsten as they enjoy a leisurely stroll between filming in Vancouver
Kyle Richards celebrates daughter Portia's 11th birthday in extravagant style... as RHOBH star turns her backyard into a lavish fairground
Ian Ziering leads tributes to 'great guy' Jed Allan as his Beverly Hills 90210 onscreen father dies aged 84
Steph & Dom solve your sex, love & life troubles: How can I stop my husband letting himself go?
Father-and-son on BBC2 show Race Across the World get jobs with a VERY bad-tempered art dealer in Ankara 
Naomi Campbell, 48, and Liam Payne, 25, were 'all over each other' at Formula E Hong Kong E-Prix... but refused to be pictured together
Megan Barton Hanson appears to make subtle dig at Wes Nelson as she posts about being 'honest' during Dancing on Ice final
Emma Bunton nearly 'broke' when she was told she may not be able to have children... but says her Strictly Come Dancing training 'got her pregnant'
Olivia Wilde is treated to cupcakes as she celebrates 35th birthday while promoting new film Booksmart at SXSW
Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner show off their teamwork skills while taking the kids to baseball practice
Kerry Katona chooses men to date by 'trying to imagine what they look like when they're having sex'
Captain Marvel rocks $153 million in opening weekend at US box officeas Brie Larson makes history in lead role
Jenni 'JWoww' Farley receives belated surprise birthday bash from her Jersey Shore castmates
David Bowie demo of his hit single 'Starman' is up for auction after it was left languishing in a loft for almost FIFTY years 
Inside Dancing On Ice's wild wrap party: Brian McFadden serenades the crowd with a Westlife classic as winner James Jordan downs a bottle of wine
Khloe Kardashian goes all out and rents a private jet for her BFF Malika Haqq's 36th birthday
Diane Kruger shows bare pregnant belly in throwback snap shared by beau Norman Reedus on Instagram
Dancing On Ice FINAL: Gemma Collins looks furious as Phillip Schofield jokes about her being a diva 
Eva Green wows in plunging leather and lace dress as she leads the Dumbo cast at Beverly Hills press conference
Game of Thrones star Maisie Williams reveals secrets of cast's WhatsApp group as she speaks at the Glamour Beauty Festival
Olivia Culpo showcases her toned abs while sporting black bra with blazer in sultry Instagram post... as she debates going back to long hair
Alessandra Ambrosio and boyfriend Nicolo Oddi coordinate in western wear as they walk hand-in-hand to lunch
Leonardo DiCaprio keeps it low-key in black hoodie and baseball cap  for dinner in Santa Monica
Jennifer Hudson and Celine Dion lead star-studded Grammy concert tribute to Aretha Franklin
Padma Lakshmi showcases her stunning figure as she kicks back in a bikini and a cowboy hat at South By Southwest
Shark Tank star Robert Herjavec's Hollywood Hills home was 'broken into by thieves who made off with over $100K in jewels and cash'
Pregnant Meghan dons an £8,000 Erdem ensemble (and four-inch heels) for visit to Canada House - while Prince Harry plays the protective dad-to-be
Khloe Kardashian shows off her hourglass curves in a skintight fishnet catsuit as she celebrates her best friend's birthday in Las Vegas 
Katie Price and Kris Boyson head for a foot massage in Thailand amid claims son Harvey, 16, has been 'left at home with her hairdresser'
Helena Christensen poses nude in behind-the-scenes snaps amid claims  Victoria Beckham is 'concerned over her friendship with husband David'
 Billie Faiers slips into a bridal white bikini as she jets off on honeymoon for some alone time with new husband after Maldives beach wedding 
It's baaaaaaaack! We unwrap the retro fashions that are on trend again - get hunting for yours...
Emily Ratajkowski EXC: The Fat Jew gives insight into her wedding and claims she 'didn't f***ing know husband when they married but it's true love'
Dancing On Ice victor James Jordan claims his Strictly past made it harder to win and reveals he had to POP his shoulder back in before the final
Abbey Clancy's daughter places her hand on her blossoming baby bump in intimate black and white snap 
Coronation Street FIRST LOOK: Carla Connor breaks down in TEARS after factory collapse... but who will survive the disaster?
Celebs Go Dating EXCLUSIVE: Megan McKenna reveals she wants a man with 'sexual chat' as she and David Potts are tasked with finding dates 
James Franco's girlfriend Isabel Pakzad, 25, shows off her figure in multicoloured bikini as she cuddles up to actor, 40, in Miami Beach
EXCLUSIVE: R Kelly threatens rape accuser in signed legal letter that he will have 10 men testify about her sex life, share her texts, and detail her STD history
Dancing On Ice star Vanessa Bauer has the look of love as she posts clip with heart eyes filter... as fans beg her and Wes Nelson to start dating
Wes Nelson rules out reconciling with Megan Barton Hanson and admits they 'don't speak' anymore... as he gushes over DOI partner Vanessa Bauer 
Sam and Billie Faiers' mum Suzanne Wells, 50, displays her age-defying figure in an orange bikini as she hits the beach in the Maldives
Malin Andersson's ex Tom Kemp shows there is still love between them as he shares sweet tribute after they split following death of their newborn
Gemma Collins and James Argent look worse-for-wear outside Dancing On Ice wrap party while Wes Nelson is seen chatting to a mystery lady
Denise Welch reveals she was left in a 'distressed state' after experiencing a panic attack onstage... one year after conquering her anxiety battle
Dirty John: The real Terra Newell becomes an Instagram sensation following success of Netflix show... sharing PTSD tips, hiking snaps and clothing discounts
Charlotte Church reveals she's cut back on drinking because she can't deal with the 'hangxiety, shame and guilt' after boozy nights out 
Ferne McCann gave best friend Billie Faiers a 'lovely surprise' on her wedding day as she performed Stand By Me during the reception
Phillip Schofield hilariously recreates Torvill and Dean's iconic Bolero as he and Holly Willoughby celebrate James Jordan's DOI victory on This Morning
Loose Women clash over whether it's 'empowering' to see violent females on screen - with Coleen Nolan insisting it's NEVER acceptable
Prodigy singer Keith Flint was found hanging at his £1.5million mansion, inquest hears, as bandmate Liam Howlett thanks fans for support
 Brad Pitt goes under the radar in a flat cap and shades as he makes a low-key arrival at Charles de Gaulle airport in Paris 
Orlando Bloom jokes he's 'not sure' he wants to marry Katy Perry anymore as they spend cosy night in watching American Idol
Chance The Rapper has on a tux and Kirsten Corley is stunning in a white lace dress as images from their Southern California wedding emerge
Katherine Schwarzenegger clarifies that Chris Pratt has been 'very involved' in wedding planning... after action man said he has 'barely' helped
Michelle Keegan stuns in leopard print and hot pants as she unveils her latest fashion collection - which includes jewellery for the first time
Is CANNABIS OIL really the secret to getting flawless skin? We lift the lid on how it works...
 Billie Faiers and Greg Shepherd's wedding FIRST LOOK: Bride dazzles as couple marry in the Maldives... and insist their guests were 'respectful' throughout
Holly Willoughby amuses Phillip Schofield by 'chuffing' like a tiger... leaving viewers in stitches with VERY rude double entendre
Billie Piper shares intimate skin-to-skin picture with newborn daughter Tallulah
Jessie Wallace recalls how teenage daughter Tallulah, 14, was mugged by a gang in north London
Barbara Windsor's husband says it's 'heartbreaking' to watch her be 'stripped of who she was' as he prepares to run London Marathon for dementia charity 
Kathy Bates, 70, shows off trim figure after 60lb weight loss and recently dyed short black hair at star-studded film premiere
Jose Canseco claims Alex Rodriguez is CHEATING on new fiancée Jennifer Lopez with his ex-wife Jessica - and says he would take a polygraph test
Paris Jackson looks in good spirits as she heads to church after defending dad Michael's 'good heart' amid Leaving Neverland abuse claims
Gerard Butler's $11,000 Airstream trailer stolen from parking lot ahead of planned restoration project 
Charlize Theron has 'empathy' for Megyn Kelly after playing her in Fair And Balanced because her situation was 'complicated'
'I still beat myself up about it': Football pundit Chris Kamara reveals his regret at going to work the night his beloved mother died 16 years ago
Danielle Armstrong showcases her gym-honed physique in a baby blue bikini as she continues to soak up the sun on Singapore getaway
Love Island's Zara Holland shares sizzling bikini snap as she soaks up the sunshine in Dubai
Lauren Goodger looks completely unrecognisable in pre-fame childhood throwback snap with cute dimples and thick fringe
TOWIE's Courtney Green sends temperatures soaring as she displays her enviable figure in slinky swimwear while filming new series in Thailand
Devon Windsor shows off her ripped abs and peachy posterior as she celebrates her birthday in The Bahamas
Dido's enthusiastic drummer steals the show on Jonathan Ross as fans mock him for 'playing like mad' because they can't hear drums on backing track
Snooki shows off her baby bump while in bra top at home: '28 weeks, messy house and a slow start today - hello world'
Megan Barton-Hanson reveals trolls said Wes Nelson deserved a 'natural' beauty like Vanessa Bauer... as fans beg DOI duo to start dating
Dancing On Ice final: Viewers brand James Jordan and wife Ola 'couple goals' and 'inspirational' as she's brought to tears over his victory
James Argent apologises for calling Gemma Collins 'a fat joke' as he says it was like 'pot kettle black' and admits he is 'childish' 
TOWIE EXCLUSIVE: Bobby Norris was 'too scared to leave the house' after being slapped in unprovoked attack which has left him feeling 'paranoid'
Susanna Reid is left STUNNED after Vinnie Jones playfully 'fat shames' Piers Morgan on Good Morning Britain
The Bachelor UK: Alex Marks admits he found it 'very hard' connecting with the girls... but claims some of them 'played up to the cameras'
Bachelor In Paradise stars Jade Roper and Tanner Tolbert are expecting a baby boy
Paris Hilton sparks concern after her father Rick begs heiress to contact him with Instagram post 
Kourtney Kardashian grabs lunch with her ex Scott Disick, his girlfriend Sofia Richie and their kids Mason and Penelope and Reign
Kate Winslet goes make-up free as she is spotted on set of new lesbian romance Ammonite in Dorset for the first time
April Love Geary shows off stunning post-baby curves as she celebrates Robin Thicke's birthday... two weeks after welcoming their second child
Isla Fisher turns heads in a pastel pink plaid trouser suit and matching heels at Beach Bum premiere at SXSW 
Olivia Wilde gets her groove on as she is treated to a cake and sparklers while celebrating her 35th birthday at SXSW
Miranda Kerr looks fashion forward in semi-sheer ruffled blouse and khaki suit for magazine shoot 
Joe Jonas shares sexy throwback pic of Sophie Turner from Halloween after public kiss at Knicks game
Alex Rodriguez decorates bed with roses for fiancee Jennifer Lopez... as actress is the 'happiest she has ever been'
Big Fat Gypsy Weddings star Paddy Doherty, 60, reveals he is battling prostate cancer and even considered suicide because of the pain 
Gwyneth Paltrow cuts a chic figure in belted navy dress with her glasses at SXSW's Vision Council eye health event
Priyanka Chopra nails business chic in blush pink blazer and white ribbed dress as she steps out after filming scenes for The Sky Is Pink in Mumbai
Billie Lourd dazzles in chic black and white dress at the SXSW Booksmart premiere
American Idol: Katy Perry steals the show with impressive old-school breakdancing and gospel singing
Eva Longoria, Gina Rodriguez, Kerry Washington and more meet with families seeking asylum at Tijuana border crossing
Charlize Theron effortlessly stuns at SXSW in floral dress with Long Shot co-star Seth Rogen
Jodie Foster and Elisabeth Moss pose together between their Featured Sessions at the SXSW Film Festival
Ciara flaunts cleavage in black bathing suit while vacationing in St. Barts with husband Russell Wilson and kids
Tyra Banks rocks a stylish snakeskin print scarf as she enjoys a day out with son York and a male companion
Kyle Richards of Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills shares rare photo with all four of her daughters as well as husband Mauricio: 'Dreams come true'
The Walking Dead: Daryl Dixon seemingly defeats the Whisperers' most deadly fighter Beta in combat
Aquaman star Jason Momoa enjoys the action at World Rugby Sevens Series in Vancouver
Olivia Wilde cuts a chic figure in red dress as she cuddles up to fiance Jason Sudeikis at the premiere of Booksmart
Behati Prinsloo steps out with new pink hair as she enjoys a day of high-end shopping with daughter Dusty
Gabrielle Carteris is spotted out for the first time since the death of her Beverly Hills, 90210 co-star Luke Perry
Kate Hudson rocks patterned leggings and a knitted sweater as she and her boyfriend Danny Fujikawa house hunt in LA
The Hills star Whitney Port dotes on son Sonny during Sunday family trip to Farmer's Market in LA
Olivia Culpo cuts a stylish figure in black and white ensemble while arriving to Justin Timberlake's concert
Emmy Rossum reminisces about her time on the series Shameless before her final episode airs
Jessica Alba shops at Whole Foods with a custom grocery bag adorned with her children's names
Daniel Radcliffe cuts a dirty and dishevelled figure as he gets shackled while filming Escape From Pretoria in Adelaide
Connie Britton dazzles at Wonder Park premiere after series SMILF is canceled amid controversy surrounding Frankie Shaw
Nick Nolte, 78, keeps his look casual as he takes a walk with his daughter Sophie, 11
Starring as Diana: Hairdresser, 26, who works at her mother's salon in the Valleys to play the Princess of Wales on stage in West End show 
Real Housewives Of Atlanta: Kandi Burruss hosts risque sex dungeon party with explicit labels on TV
 Meghan changes into a Victoria Beckham dress while Kate recycles a red Catherine Walker number for Commonwealth Day service
Kim Kardashian and Kanye West turn up LATE to Chance The Rapper's nuptials and are forced to watch vows from sidelines 
PICTURED: Chance the Rapper marries his childhood sweetheart Kirsten Corley in lavish nuptials... and daughter Kensli steals the show
From the school run to a night out with the girls: How spring's new trends can work for you (and you won't need to break the bank!)
Kim Kardashian stops for gas wearing revealing vintage blue satin Versace slip dress after attending Chance the Rapper's wedding 
Alyssa Milano receives backlash for calling herself transgender, disabled, an immigrant and a person of color
Caroline Flack flashes her legs in a barely-there miniskirt as she swaps London for NYC 
REVEALED: Wes Nelson spends DOI wrap party cosying up to dancer Bayley Darling... as he rules out getting back with ex Megan Barton Hanson
Sophie Turner dresses down in colourful sweat pants as she hits the shops with fiancé Joe Jonas and her parents in New York
Claudia Winkleman and Tess Daly arrive at the BBC for Comic Relief Dance-a-thon... and reveal they will eat 10k CALORIES over the next 24 hours
Georgia Kousoulou and Demi Sims put on sizzling displays as they hit the beach in VERY skimpy swimwear in Thailand as they film TOWIE
Ariana Grande heads to dinner with ex-boyfriend Graham Phillips in New York... just days after reuniting with former flame Big Sean
Evan Rachel Wood shares snap of scars from self-inflicted wounds as actress reveals she was in an abusive relationship
Billie Faiers' wedding guests accused of 'ruining elderly couple's £12k Maldives trip, leaving dirty nappies on the beach and throwing stones at sharks'
Killing Eve's Jodie Comer says the second series of the cat-and-mouse drama 'may not be what viewers think it's going to be'
Sam Faiers shares sultry beach picture with boyfriend Paul Knightley as they embark on ANOTHER Maldives break
Ariana Grande transforms into Wild West saloon singer in Rule The World music video with 2 Chainz
Bohemian Rhapsody 'in talks for a  SEQUEL starting with Live Aid' after four wins at Academy Awards 
Gwyneth Paltrow beams at the South By Southwest Film Festival in Texas... after admitting she is a 'mess' who has to work on herself constantly
Lady Gaga keeps it comfortable in black leather jacket and sweatpants as she goes make-up free on grocery run in LA
PIERS MORGAN: Hypocrite Harry should take off his fake halo before Meghan 'wokes' him into right royal ridicule
Meghan's £18K designer day! Duchess wows in bespoke Erdem and Victoria Beckham outfits for Commonwealth Day events 
Purple reign! Queen and Camilla don coats and hats in matching shades of plum as they attend Commonwealth Day service at Westminster Abbey
What DID Charles say to make Meghan laugh? Duchess giggles during chat with her father-in-law at Westminster Abbey 
EXCLUSIVE: It's Julia Roberts' eco - and kid - friendly wonderland! Aerials of her Malibu compound reveal lush gardens, solar panels, and a skate park 
Nicki Minaj hides her face after furious crowd chants 'Cardi B' following ANOTHER cancelled show in Paris 
Luke Perry's daughter Sophie spotted out with her mom as family grieves the loss of the 52-year-old actor ahead of his funeral
Kate Winslet is spotted on set of new lesbian romance Ammonite with on-screen lover Saoirse Ronan for the first time in Dorset
Game of Thrones star Esmé Bianco opens up about being a survivor of domestic abuse as she reveals she still suffers from night terrors
K-pop star Seungri announces he's retiring from the entertainment business amid sex-for-investment allegations and being branded a 'national traitor'
Lady in red! Pink-haired Clean Bandit musician Grace Chatto dons a daring ruffled dress as she performs at the Commonwealth Day Service 
Sofia Richie, 20, fires back at troll who said she should not date Kourtney Kardashian's ex Scott Disick, 35: 'Leave me alone and face your future'
Paul Gascoigne opens eBay store to sell signed shirts, memorabilia and photos of his biggest moments - including THAT tackle by Vinnie Jones
Kelly Brook showcases her hourglass figure in a black boiler suit and neon T-shirt as she heads to work at Global radio studios
Billie Faiers' husband Greg Shepherd praises new wife for having the 'best a***e in the business' as his VERY cheeky wedding speech is revealed
Mark Wright admits Michelle Keegan is 'over the moon' they no longer have a long-distance marriage and credits his Hollywood success to her
Terrifying moment Jeremy Kyle is chased by a knife-wielding gang member while investigating rise in moped muggings
Jesy Nelson and Chris Hughes put on a loved-up display as they sing along to Busted... as Little Mix singer jokes Love Island star has a thing for 'older women'
Malin Andersson says 'no one understands the pain of losing a child' as ex-boyfriend Tom Kemp shares sweet tribute to Love Island star
Ariana Grande thinks it's 'surreal and funny' that she is the first artist since Michael Jackson to chart four #1 songs in just eight months
Carrie Underwood's husband Mike Fisher wishes her a happy 36th birthday: 'You're an incredible wife and mom!'
Nikki Bella turns up the heat with DWTS partner Artem Chigvintsev as the two are spotted KISSING in public 
Amy Childs wears edgy camouflage trousers as she cuddles up to daughter Polly at the star-studded launch of her new stroller
Love Island's Laura Anderson strips down to sporty grey underwear as she poses for sizzling bedroom snap
All caught up! Khloe Kardashian and Charlize Theron step out in fishnet fashions proving the skin-baring trend is not just for the beach this season
Netflix's A Christmas Prince is returning this holiday season for a third installment as a baby is introduced
Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star Lisa Vanderpump reveals friendship with Kyle Richards 'finished' over Puppy Gate drama
Brad Pitt admires the Eiffel Tower from his balcony as he goes under the radar in a flat cap after arriving in Paris
Gabby Allen flaunts her incredible bikini body as she shares raunchy workout video in skimpy swimwear
Sienna Miller, 37, shares a kiss with her art gallery owner boyfriend Lucas Zwirner, 28, as the couple stroll around New York
Katie Piper discusses life as a working mother and reveals why she's a reluctant 'role model' as she poses for striking new shoot for DARE 
Leighton Meester says she no longer cares about 'getting abs' as she reveals new passion for surfing and dishes on how she balances work and mom life
Stephanie Pratt shows off her sensational figure in a skimpy scarlet bikini as she hits the beach in Hawaii  
Chumlee is getting married! Pawn Stars favorite throws pre-wedding celebration with fiancée Olivia Rademann... after losing 100lbs
Halle Berry hires hunky UFC fighter (who she called her 'mancrush') to train her as he says: 'we're going to drill her hard'
Katie Price, 40, to face court for the third time this year 'after yelling "are you enjoying f***ing my husband?" at her ex Kieran Hayler's new girlfriend
Beth Behrs of The Neighborhood dances her way on to Ellen DeGeneres' talk show before presenting the host with $10K
TOWIE's Clelia Theodorou exhibits her envy-inducing figure in a pink crochet bikini as she joins BFF Shelby Tribble for boat trip in Thailand
Tamara Ecclestone looks chic in leopard print as she treats husband Jay Rutland to lunch on his birthday
Katherine Kelly admits Coronation Street feels like 'a long time ago' as she gears up for new role in heart-stopping drama Cheat 
Beyonce and Jay-Z set to receive top honors as 'passionate defenders of human rights' at GLAAD Media Awards
Shakira looks adoringly at beau Gerard Pique as they take their sons Sasha and Milan to basketball game in Spain
Chrissy Teigen admits 'the hamster got out' just hours after Twitter users warned her against buying a new pet for Luna
Sofia Vergara rocks casual camo jeans and a Louis Vuitton purse for a day of retail therapy in Los Angeles
Roseanne Barr blames Michelle Obama for getting her fired from her ABC show after she tweeted racist remarks about Valerie Jarrett  
Jennifer Garner carries a coffee mug as she walks with her kids... after complaining that moving her clock forward an hour has made her exhausted
Olivia Wilde models splashy pantsuit and black hat at SXSW Festival after the premiere of her directorial debut Booksmart
Gemma Collins 'is in talks to appear on Celebrity X Factor' following her stint on Dancing On Ice
Camilla swaps her purple Commonwealth Day Service outfit for another VERY colourful ensemble as she joins Charles for a glittering reception 
Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez's show of unity: Newly engaged singer slips into a bikini and flashes HUGE ring amid claims he cheated 
Michael Jackson's friend Aaron Carter lets rip at Wade Robson and James Safechuck over molestation accusations in Leaving Neverland
Dancing On Ice winner James Jordan reveals he needs surgery to regain the full use of his arm after suffering a painful injury ahead of this year's final
The Crown to cast Princess Diana as a 'desperate and lonely self-harmer as bosses advertise for a mesmerising young star to play the role'
Kylie Jenner coordinates outfits with daughter Stormi as she takes her to a birthday party
Kendall Jenner bonds with pet snake as she lets it slither around in her hair for Instagram video
Pregnant Duchess of Sussex ditches her diamond engagement ring designed by Prince Harry as she attends Commonwealth Day services
EastEnders: Neon Jungle singer Jessica Plummer joins soap as the Atkins family move to Albert Square 
Kim Kardashian shares video of Chicago, one, playing with pricey designer purses and wearing heels
Celebs Go Dating fans gobsmacked as Jack Fowler asks twins how old they each are, Megan McKenna doesn't know what a pylon is and David Potts thinks Chile is in CHINA
Michelle Dockery supports Claudia Winkleman and Tess Daly at Comic Relief Dance-a-thon as she leads the stars in a late night boogie
Sheridan Smith is transformed into the grieving mother of Stephen Port victim Anthony Walgate in first look at harrowing drama The Barking Murders
Kourtney Kardashian poses in a bathtub next to daughter Penelope for images plugging her mystery business venture Poosh
Nikki Bella looks sporty in leggings while leaving the gym after spending the weekend with new flame Artem Chigvintsev
Coronation Street SPOILER: Gemma Winter's life hangs in the balance after the factory roof COLLAPSES
Jennifer Garner reveals fans are 'in awe' when they meet her 'larger than life' ex Ben Affleck as she jokes 'when people see me they just want to talk'
Cardi B goes makeup-free in navy sweats as she steps out in New York after tropical getaway with Offset
Kerry Katona appalls E4 viewers as she flaunts around Celebs Go Dating mixer ordering men to take off their shirts and asking: 'How big's your c**k?'
Karlie Kloss goes bra-free in plunging black blazer then slips into a tight dress as she does press for Project Runway in NYC
Jason Priestley looks downcast after having lunch with a friend at Chateau Marmont one week after Luke Perry's death
Penélope Cruz is the picture of elegance as she attends the Union de Actores awards in Madrid
Kylie Jenner shows off her impossibly slender waist wearing a crop top and sweat pants for mirrored kitchen selfie
A real cat-and-mouse thriller... but it's a pity about the puss: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV 
Love Island's Amber Davies looks irritable as she leaves London's Savoy Theatre in a hoodie after another night on stage for 9 To 5: The Musical
Coronation Street SPOILER: Kate Connor set for wedding day drama as wife-to-be Rana gets cold feet... amid claims she will be KILLED OFF
David Walliams admits he has 'never actually seen' a single episode of Britain's Got Talent as his mother bans him from watching anything on ITV
Jacob Tremblay,12, swears, commits crimes, and watches pornography with pals in VERY raunchy red band trailer for Good Boys
'Let me fix your wig': Ciara's husband Russell Wilson sweetly offers his help after she zooms down water slide into the sea 
Michael Jackson's niece Brandi - who previously dated Leaving Neverland accuser says claims her uncle was a pedophile are 'ridiculous'
Conor McGregor is arrested in Miami for 'smashing a fan's phone out of their hand and stomping on it for trying to take pictures of him' outside a trendy hotel 
Ellie Goulding slips into a casual grey turtleneck as she arrives at TV studios ahead of The Late Show with Stephen Colbert appearance
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley is super chic in a low-cut blazer as she slips into striped co-ords for coffee run
Alex Jones covers up her blossoming baby bump in a stylish grey dress and bright green coat as she leaves BBC studios after The One Show
Tanked star Heather King files for divorce from Wayde King as mugshot from her domestic violence arrest surfaces
Bradley Cooper is seen with Sarah Michelle Gellar's husband Freddie Prinze Jr amid speculation they are collaborating on a project
Selena Gomez plugs Friends Keep Secrets record label as she prepares first album since ex Justin Bieber wed Hailey Baldwin
Lauren Bush Lauren attends Gwyneth Paltrow's $1,000-a-ticket Goop summit, revealing she tried B-12 shots, and enjoyed 'delicious healthy food'
SECRETS OF AN A-LIST BODY: This week, how to get a torso like Hollywood actor Hugh Jackman
Hunted's controversial finale receives more then 170 Ofcom complaints... after viewers branded the show a FIX
Thandie Newton stuns in a red velvet dress as she proudly poses with daughter Nico, 14, at the premiere of teen's debut movie Dumbo
Zara McDermott sizzles in a daring lilac bikini throwback snap as she vows to love herself again after Adam Collard split
Tamara Ecclestone and husband Jay Rutland leave swanky London eatery after enjoying SECOND flashy meal out to mark his 38th birthday
Gemma Collins 'plans to record a new single with Beyoncé's producer Naughty Boy next month as she tries to crack America'
SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Food writer Deliciously Ella reveals her first child with Matthew Mills will be a girl
Nicole Richie shares throwback photo of herself with husband Joel Madden in honor of his 40th birthday
Kaley Cuoco leaves a yoga session in Studio City...as the The Big Bang Theory receives a series finale date
Cat Deeley cuts a casual figure in a red and white striped shirt as she enjoys shopping trip in Beverly Hills with husband Patrick Kielty
Stacey Solomon reveals she once FORGOT she had a child when she left newborn son Zach, now 10, in a supermarket
SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Football ace Sol Campbell threatens to evict restauranteur popular with Pippa Middleton and Tamara Ecclestone
Captain Marvel: Annette Bening's Mar-Vell character originally written as male character
Sarah Jessica Parker rides a CitiBike while filming Season 3 of HBO's Divorce in New York City
Gwyneth Paltrow reveals at SXSW that Jeff Bezos left her hanging in email conversation
Chris Pratt gets patriotic as he dons American flag sweatshirt while on run in Los Angeles
Black Burberry model hits out at hairstylists who don't know how to work with afro hair, as she reveals she was 'IGNORED' backstage at Paris Fashion Week 
Caroline Flack flashes her tanned legs in a barely-there denim miniskirt as she enjoys getaway to New York
Creators of Peppa Pig admit that their cartoon initially bored people before the simple drawing went on to become part of a £1billion global empire
Sadie Frost rocks quirky yellow shorts and workout gear as she launches her new yoga range
Hilary Duff bundles up in her gray jacket while filming Younger in New York City
What a sweet treat! Rebel Wilson gets blindfolded and taken to a cake making class by her friends for her 39th birthday 
Duchess of Cambridge dazzles in a recycled Alexander McQueen look as she joins Kate Moss for a glittering gala evening at the National Portrait Gallery
Kate Moss looks sensational  as she leads the glamour with Jourdan Dunn and Alexa Chung at star-studded The National Portrait Gallery Gala
Tanya Burr announces her split from Jim Chapman following three and half years of marriage... as she insists they will 'remain friends forever'  
Felicity Huffman's husband William H Macy talked about 'stressful' college application process for daughter TWO MONTHS before scandal
Jennifer Lopez shares photos of the moment Alex Rodriguez got down on one knee and proposed during Bahamas vacation 
It's the weight-loss sensation that has been selling out across the globe - but will it help YOU shape up in a WEEK?These real life slimmers reveal how...
Claudia Winkleman declares 'I'm not doing Strictly!' as she and Tess Daly COLLAPSE after longest-ever Dance-a-thon... raising £782k for Comic Relief
David Beckham is FURIOUS as James Corden unveils fake statue featuring a massive chin, three teeth, and huge bottom in hilarious prank
Tamara Ecclestone EXCLUSIVE: Heiress reflects on the 'breastfeeding circus' and why she let Fifi decide when to end their 'nursing journey'
Designer Duchess! Kate wows in £790 Gucci blouse as she visits a children's centre in London - but teams it with high street trousers from Jigsaw
TRIC Awards: Emily Atack is colourful in candy stripes as Laura Whitmore and Megan McKenna suit up to lead TV and radio's finest on the red carpet
William H Macy looks distraught as he arrives at federal building where wife Felicity Huffman is held on fraud charges
Keira Knightley is picture perfect as she shows off her sensational style in a leopard print coat and lace silk dress 
Selena Gomez dances on a gigantic bed in silk pajamas for I Can't Get Enough music video with Benny Blanco
Helena Bonham Carter showcases her quirky fashion sense as she leads a host of stars supporting Ralph Fiennes at his The White Crow premiere
We're living longer but not saving enough: How prepared are YOU for retirement? Try this clever new calculator to find out
Liam Neeson makes red carpet appearance with his on-off girlfriend Freya St Johnston at White Crow premiere... after his 'black b*****d' rape revenge comments
Cheryl EXCLUSIVE: Oti Mabuse says she has 'good girl vibes' with her The Greatest Dancer co-judge (but she can't persuade her to do Strictly!) 
Something in your eye, Meghan? Moment Duchess appeared to fight back TEARS during Alfie Boe's rendition of Snow Patrol at Westminster Abbey
Luke Perry 911 call revealed: A woman urged the operator to 'hurry up and get here' after the massive stroke that claimed his life
Stephanie Pratt says The Hills reboot helped her repair her 'horrific' relationship with brother Spencer
Nicki Minaj showcases her famous curves in skin-tight leggings as she calls jailbird beau Kenneth Petty 'her husband' during radio show in London
Hilary Duff shares sweet new snap of four-month-old baby Banks dressed to impress in a trendy sweater and adorable headband 
Sam and Billie Faiers' mum Suzanne Wells, 50, parades her sensational age-defying body in a turquoise bikini during Maldives getaway
Mary Poppins Returns' Emily Blunt and Lin-Manuel Miranda star in incredible clip that shows how they filmed music hall scene... as director reveals it took A YEAR to animate
Wonder Woman Gal Gadot sends some love to 'sister' superhero Captain Marvel with supportive message to star Brie Larson 
TRIC Awards: Strictly Come Dancing stars are jubilant as they lead the winners with Best Reality Programme
Simon Cowell reveals he's banned from eating red meat, dairy, sugar, bread and gluten in new diet as he shows off his 'half a stone' weight loss
EXCLUSIVE: Michael Jackson never loved  Lisa Marie Presley and was using her to acquire Elvis' music catalog, King of Pop's former maid claims
Ciara grooves to Bruno Mars while enjoying pancakes with her family on a yacht in the Caribbean: 'Today's going to be a Great Day!'
Charlotte McKinney wears matching sports bra and leggings to lead charitable yoga event in Beverly Hills
The Mummy Diaries EXCLUSIVE: Sam Faiers accuses pals of 'f***ing her off' in expletive-filled tirade when her PA is made to sleep on a sofabed during birthday
I'm A Celeb bosses 'aren't worried' about a potential ratings dip when Ant McPartlin returns... despite Holly Willoughby drawing record viewing figures 
Samuel L. Jackson candidly reveals how much longer he expects to act... as he remains highest-grossing star of all-time
Lindsey Vonn dons tiny pink bikini as she flaunts athlete physique in behind-the-scenes snaps from Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue shoot
Kelly Brook wraps up warm in a faux fur-trimmed puffer jacket and leopard print trousers as she heads out of the Global radio studios
How Billie got her boho bridal glow: Make-up artist who created Mummy Diaries star's look for her Maldives wedding reveals the secrets
 Camille Kostek shakes her booty in a skimpy bikini while posing for Sports Illustrated Swimsuit - after being cruelly body-shamed 
Wes Nelson 'BEGS Megan Barton Hanson to take him back as he books them luxury holiday'... days after claiming they'll never reconcile
Elizabeth Hurley looks effortlessly elegant in a tweed tailored coat and faux-fur collar at the star-studded Cheltenham Festival
Lesley Joseph reveals Birds Of A Feather could 'hopefully' return next year....despite ITV bosses axing the show and admitting it's come 'to a natural end' 
Boris Becker, 51, enjoys dinner with model Layla Powell, 31, after 'liking' a series of her sexy Instagrams amid the 'final stage' of his divorce
Jussie Smollett struts out of court after judge rules cameras WILL be allowed the courtroom for his arraignment in the 'faked' homophobic and racist attack case
Peter Andre is visibly irked as Piers Morgan probes him over Katie Price's claims he is a 'selfish hypocrite' for not letting her film with their children
Martha Stewart, 77, admits she uses an app to edit her selfies and shares before-and-after shots to show how she 'cleans up' photos like a 'great photographer would do' on a shoot 
Actresses Lori Loughlin and Felicity Huffman are among 50 people charged in massive college entrance exam cheating scandal
Game Of Thrones' Emilia Clarke reveals she broke down in tears while shooting her last scene as she likens the end of her 10-year stint to 'the undoing of a bra' 
Britney Spears jukebox musical about fairy tale princesses reading The Feminine Mystique may head to Broadway
EXCLUSIVE: Hey, Mr. Trampoline Man! Bob Dylan, 77, makes sporty updates to his Malibu compound - purchased for $105,000 in 1979
Brooklyn Beckham and girlfriend Hana Cross slip into stylish hoodies as they step out hand-in-hand in rainy London
Captain Marvel paves the way for Monica Rambeau to become the first major black female superhero in the Marvel Cinematic Universe
Saoirse Ronan wears Victorian gown to play Mary Anning's lover on set of Ammonite... as family  BLAST film-makers for inventing same-sex affair
TV comic Phil Jupitus, 56, is fined £300 over hit-and-run smash after hitting parked car then driving off without leaving name 
Stephanie Davis wraps up in a padded jacket as she enjoys downtime with beau Owen Warner while taking a break from filming Hollyoaks
James McVey EXCLUSIVE: Vamps star credits fiancée Kirstie Brittain with helping him through anorexia as he reveals setback in wedding plans
Storage Wars star Darrell Sheets asks for prayers as he heads into surgery for congestive heart failure after suffering a 'mild heart attack'
'Say what you want. I like it': Colton Underwood defends his new haircut as fans poke fun at spiky '90s boy band' style
Married At First Sight 2019 FIRST LOOK: New couples set to tie the knot are revealed... but will they break a streak of splits?
TRIC Awards EXCLUSIVE: Katie Piper looks sensational in semi-sheer jumpsuit as she says she's 'feeling positive' after surgery in Pakistan
Penn Badgley wears bloody prosthetic finger while reprising role as a menacing stalker for Netflix show You
TRIC Awards EXCLUSIVE: Emmerdale's Matthew Wolfenden says pregnant wife Charley Webb is 'craving crisps' but feels 'good'
TRIC Awards: Strictly's Karen Clifton dazzles in asymmetric polka dot dress as she joins stunning co-stars Oti Mabuse and Kristina Rihanoff at event
Wendy Williams shows off wedding ring as she clutches her comforter coat to buy groceries after husband leaves studio separately
TRIC Awards: Love Island's Amber Davies looks chic in low-cut blazer dress as she joins leggy Olivia Attwood on the red carpet 
Pictured: Conor McGregor fan, 22, whose iPhone was 'smashed by the UFC fighter when he tried to take star's photo outside Miami club'
TRIC Awards: Jess Wright oozes glamour in plunging scarlet gown with thigh high split
Coronation Street's Beth Morgan raises soap fans' eyebrows with VERY raunchy nude holiday snap
Love Island's Georgia Harrison SLAMMED by fans who brand her 'irresponsible' and 'ignorant' for promoting weight loss sweets
The groom's 'EPIC FAIL', the best men's Mummy Diaries spoof, a speedboat arrival and a missed flight... inside Billie and Greg Shepherd's nuptials  
Jeff Brazier lauds wife Katie Dwyer for being a 'massive asset' to his sons... as they approach 10 year anniversary of Jade Goody's death
Aladdin's first official trailer is shared as fans get to see the street hustler fall for Jasmine as he jokes around with Will Smith's Genie
Vanessa Paradis channels spring in floral jacket while grabbing groceries ... as ex Johnny Depp battles Amber Heard in $50m lawsuit
Carol Vorderman, 58, braves the grim weather as she show off her hourglass figure in a green midi-dress for star-studded Cheltenham Festival
Richard Hammond cuts a dapper figure in a moss green suit as wife Mindy turns heads in vibrant red hat and thigh-high boots at Cheltenham Festival 
Brolly beautiful! Glamorous Cheltenham racegoers protect their festival finery with umbrellas as they battle the elements on a VERY rainy opening day
Casualty star Amanda Mealing, 51, sends This Morning viewers wild as she unveils natural hair after years of playing brunette Connie Beauchamp
Coronation Street's Kate Ford admits her son Otis, 10, hilariously shouts 'it's Tracey Barlow' in a Northern accent in public when he's annoyed with her
TRIC Awards: Vicky Pattison opts for demure elegance in chic gown with floaty handkerchief hem as she joins a legion of stars at ceremony
TRIC Awards: Busty Lorraine Kelly, 59, displays her svelte physique in saucy tuxedo... after crediting Zumba for helping drop three dress sizes
TRIC Awards: Frankie Bridge turns heads in a bright orange suit as she cosies up to husband Wayne at ceremony
TRIC Awards: Louisa Lytton stuns in teal satin frock as she leads EastEnders stars including Rita Simons and Kellie Bright at event
Take Me Out: The Gossip host Laura Jackson shows off her baby bump before celebrating husband Jon Gorrigan's birthday in throwback snaps
Jennifer Lawrence enjoys post-workout endorphins kick as she beams after Pilates class in New York
Gwyneth Paltrow found 'incredible freedom' being in her 40's... as she enjoys downtime with pals Olivia Wilde and Jason Sudeikis at SXSW
Khloe Kardashian has 'trust issues' and 'will take a long time before she dates again' after being hurt first by Lamar then Tristan
TRIC Awards: Lisa Snowdon, 47, works her angles in lace white dress as she cosies up with fiancé George Smart
TRIC Awards: Corrie's Katie McGlynn goes braless beneath a racy plunging suit as she joins her co-stars in lighting up the red carpet 
TRIC Awards: Hollyoaks star Sarah Jayne Dunn cuts a chic figure in plunging navy jumpsuit as she walks star-studded red carpet
Katharine McPhee stifles a yawn on Chelsea shopping spree with mum Patricia after another late night on stage in West End musical Waitress
 'Goodbye for a little while': Grieving Holly Willoughby shares tribute to her grandmother as she pulls out of This Morning for funeral 
Billie Faiers shares sexy swimsuit pictures before enjoying a surprise dinner on a private island with Greg Shepherd on day two of their honeymoon
Sam Thompson reveals he's QUIT Made In Chelsea as he admits getting dumped by ex Sophie Habboo 'chipped away at my confidence'
Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez EXCLUSIVE: Newly-engaged singer slips into a bikini and flashes HUGE ring amid claims he is cheating
Angelina Jolie shows off her extensive tattoo collection in backless cream gown at Dumbo premiere
Cheat's Katherine Kelly leaves viewers MORTIFIED during steamy scene... as red-faced fans awkwardly watch the show with their PARENTS 
Love Island's Katie Salmon flouts 'lifetime ban' from Cheltenham as she attends races in underboob baring co-ord... three years after flashing punters
TOWIE's Shelby Tribble shows off her sizzling curves in yellow bikini while filming in Thailand... after slamming Sam Mucklow following their tryst 
Celebs Go Dating EXCLUSIVE: Kerry Katona suffers awkward date as she reveals she's never heard of Norwich and tells suitor she didn't choose him
Meg Mathews, 52, reveals 'menopause destroyed my sex life' after it hit her 'like a tsunami' and left her battling crippling social anxiety
Helena Bonham Carter, 52, steps out in London with rumoured beau Rye Dag Holmboe, 32, to grab some essential food items and a smoothie
Jason Statham throws himself into daddy duties as he teaches his son Jack, 20 months, how to ride a scooter on sweet family stroll
Dean Gaffney EXCLUSIVE: Star wants to go head-to-head with Jenny Ryan on The Chase after he kicked her out of a train seat to film an advert
Kerry Katona reveals daughter Molly McFadden has landed TV offers... as she expresses desire to become UK's 'more common' Kris Jenner
Malin Andersson reveals she's quit drinking as she grieves for baby Consy and shares heartbreaking picture of late daughter's handprint
Maggie Gyllenhaal steps out in stylish warm layers in New York after calling out writer who said her voice 'cartoonish'
Issa Rae jokes that she gained 'new money weight' after YouTube success as Insecure star radiates confidence on Women's Health cover
Melissa McCarthy makes very rare appearance in LA with both her daughters Vivian, 11, and Georgette, 8, as well as her mother Sandra
Jonathan Cheban hangs out with his trusty bodyguard in Beverly Hills... after filming season 16 of KUWTK with Khloe and Kim
Chrissy Teigen loses her hamster for a SECOND time... as fans continue to criticize the model for choosing a rodent as a pet for daughter Luna
TOWIE EXCLUSIVE: Courtney Green discusses her new romance for the FIRST TIME... before slamming 'unhealthy' relationship with ex Myles Barnett 
Olly Murs, 34, reveals secret chats with Elizabeth Hurley, 53, after he 'slid into her DMs' and admits it takes a 'thick skin' to date in the public eye
Madonna EXCLUSIVE: The Fat Jew reveals he and singer 'prank called Bono, quizzed him about his sex life and watched WHALE PORN at wild sleepover'
TOWIE EXCLUSIVE: Sam Mucklow says he's 'gutted' he 'ghosted' Lauren Pope as he 'sets his sights on Demi Sims after Shelby Tribble fling
The Great Celebrity Bake Off: Rylan Clark-Neal leaves judges aghast with his 'excrement' cake as rock formation meringue goes awry 
That you, Voldemort? Ralph Fiennes' nephew who played the young villain  lands his first magazine cover (and Potter fans will struggle to recognise him)
Sweden's Crown Princess Victoria is joined by Prince Daniel and their children as she marks her name day - but Prince Oscar isn't impressed
Princess Margaret's love of nephew Prince Charles is revealed in newly-uncovered  letters in which she tells of performing the can-can for Queen Mother
The Bachelor UK: Viewers are left FURIOUS as they SLAM the show's editing for 'giving away the winner'
Ellen DeGeneres claims she gave Alex Rodriguez  the 'little push' he needed to propose to Jennifer Lopez... by reminding him that time is ticking
Kylie Jenner  shares throwback snaps from her elementary school days to her Instagram
Kim Kardashian shares close up image of her reddened skin on her face as she reveals her on-going battle with psoriasis
Piers Morgan leaves Susanna Reid cringing with his dancing... as Good Morning Britain viewers including Danielle Lloyd chuckle at his 'dad moves'
Katharine McPhee, 34, discusses her schooldays with 'lovely and talented' Meghan Markle and how she 'tamed the beast' in fiancé David Foster, 69
Bam Margera is committed to a behavioral facility by concerned family members after comedy club meltdown and online rants
Counting On: Abbie finds the perfect sparkly wedding gown as the Duggars set up a pop-up dress shop at their home
Heidi Klum, 45, says her children 'can't wait' for her wedding to fiancé Tom Kaulitz, 29... and admits she would have married him the DAY they met
Angelina Jolie looks angelic in a white gown as she brings her children to the Dumbo premiere in LA
Kate Beckinsale nails casual chic in cropped white jumper and leggings as she runs errands in LA amid new romance with Pete Davidson
Kristen Stewart opts for comfort in red hooded jumper and black joggers as she enjoys a relaxing spa session with girlfriend Sara Dinkin
Tara Reid 'faces having her $100 million Sharknado lawsuit thrown out for failing to act'... after producers used her image on slot machines
Kim Kardashian offers to pay former inmate Matthew Charles' rent for the next five years after his application for housing was denied
Kim Klone-dashian! Star poses in her underwear with identikit replicas for new sunglasses campaign
Olivia Colman reveals she had to have a voice coach for The Crown because she'd accidentally slip into a COCKNEY accent on set
Coronation Street SPOILER: Factory disaster sparks 'whodunnit' as Underworld roof COLLAPSES... leaving one character dead
Strictly's Tess Daly screams with horror after she TRIPS during the first song in 24-hour danceathon with Claudia Winkleman for Comic Relief
Anna Kendrick cuts a trendy figure in a clingy turtleneck and leather skirt for The Day Shall Come premiere at SXSW
Eva Green stuns in wild black and white dress at the Dumbo movie premiere in Los Angeles
Helen Mirren is stylish in pale gray maxi dress with monochrome patterned jacket at Dumbo premiere
Mario Lopez proudly shows off his wife Courtney's baby bump at the Dumbo premiere in Hollywood
Kim Kardashian celebrates wrapping season 16 of KUWTK by going roller skating with Kanye West and Kourtney
Shay Mitchell nearly bares all as she suffers epic wardrobe malfunction in sexy bustier and blonde wig at photoshoot 
Catherine Zeta-Jones, 49, takes photos of her daughter Carys, 15, as they go sightseeing in Paris 
Poldark's Eleanor Tomlinson gushes about the chemistry she shares with co-star Aidan Turner as she admits there's 'a lot of love between' them
Ben Affleck and Lindsay Shookus enjoy a night on the town in Los Angeles... weeks after duo rekindled their romance
Colin Farrell hilariously reveals his children were 'sick of looking at him' after his year-long break from acting
Janet Jackson keeps low profile at NYC's JFK airport amid ongoing discussion over her late brother Michael's legacy
Nicki Minaj accentuates her killer curves in £975 Fendi dress as she cradles a GIANT pink unicorn on night out in London after O2 performance
Amber Heard reveals how hard it was to come out as bisexual to her parents: 'they couldn't process it'
Olivia Culpo flaunts underboob in white crop top and black cutout bathing suit in Mexico City
Bella Thorne treats her boyfriend Mod Sun to a Beverly Hills shopping spree for his birthday
Joey Fatone attends the Dumbo premiere in LA... after getting his rabbit character from The Masked Singer tattooed on his leg
White on the mark! Kylie Minogue, 50, is effortlessly chic in a stylish jumpsuit at Adelaide airport as she happily greets fans before jetting out
Blanca Blanco flaunts braless cleavage in patterned set at Hotel Shangri-La's Diamond Jubilee Launch in LA
Rami Malek and Lucy Boynton hold hands in NYC amid talk of Bohemian Rhapsody sequel in the works
Eva Mendes pairs striped top with green cardigan and patterned trousers for day out with her daughter Esmeralda
Kaia Gerber shows her excitement as she has a joyful reunion with a friend in Malibu
Celebs Go Dating fans gobsmacked as Jack Fowler asks twins how old they each are... and Megan McKenna doesn't know what a pylon is
Courteney Cox shares sweet video of 14-year-old daughter Coco singing with fiance Jonny McDaid's band Snow Patrol
Nick Jonas gets a restful night's sleep with his John Stamos blanket as their confusing 'feud' escalates
Amal Clooney charms Prince Charles as she wows in draped white gown to join husband George for star-studded Prince's Trust dinner at Buckingham Palace
Victoria and David Beckham look effortlessly stylish as they hold hands at the National Portrait Gallery Gala
Princess Beatrice stuns in £5,660 red velvet dress as she makes FIRST red carpet appearance with boyfriend Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi
Jennifer Lopez's ex Casper Smart kisses bikini bombshell in Miami... days after J-Lo accepted proposal from Alex Rodriguez
Downton Abbey's Laura Carmichael stuns in sheer net skirt as she and beau Michael Fox enjoy night out at the star-studded George Michael Collection 
Natalie Imbruglia shows off her boho style in floral dress as she joins best pal David Walliams at George Michael Collection
Innuendo is rife as Michelle Keegan, Rylan Clark Neal and Russell Tovey 'lubricate their cream-filled horns' as part of Celebrity Bake Off
Kim Kardashian copies Naomi Campbell AGAIN! Reality star's Versace slip was latest look inspired by supermodel style icon 
Vanessa Bauer looks in great spirits as she attends glam film premiere... amid rumours DOI partner Wes Nelson has 'BEGGED his ex for a second chance'
Michelle Keegan gave Paul Hollywood a cream horn But Rylan's chocolate rock was poo-pooed on The Great Celebrity Bake Off by Jim Shelley
Jussie Smollett struts out of court after judge rules cameras WILL be allowed in the courtroom for his arraignment in the 'faked' attack case
'Big House!' Twitter users drag Lori Loughlin and Felicity Huffman for involvement in massive cheating scandal
Miley Cyrus shares screenshot of Nick Jonas praising her 'amazing' Instas: 'That moment when even your ex knows your socials have been fire'
Ariana Grande's fans are upset the singer is promoting a dairy-based Starbucks drink despite her claiming to be '100% vegan'
Spring break in SERBIA! Tiffany Trump smiles and waves as she steps out in Belgrade with a motorcade and a huge Secret Service detail 
'Your taste is questionable!' 'Human Dorito' Chris Evans sparks a FURIOUS debate on Twitter after ranking his favorite chip options in a snack pack
Kylie Jenner reveals the very traditional name she nearly picked for daughter Stormi Webster
Harry Potter star Robbie Coltrane is seen in a wheelchair after being left in 'constant pain' for years amid his ongoing osteoarthritis battle
David Guetta, 51, packs on PDA with girlfriend Jessica Ledon, 27, who flaunts her incredible physique in string bikini in Miami
Jessie J and Channing Tatum PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Singer looks besotted with her actor beau as the couple are seen in London for the first time
Paul Hollywood 'is axed from the BBC's Good Food Show in favour of his ex wife Alex'... who will appear with his former Bake Off co-star Mary Berry
Remember cult classic 'What Women Want'? Here are 10 reasons why the new twist 'What Men Want' is set to be even better
Celebs Go Dating: Georgia Steel flirts up a storm by flaunting her physique in skimpy swimwear on hot tub date
Khloe Kardashian is 'extremely upset' that Tristan Thompson has put little effort into raising daughter True
Keira Knightley stuns in bright hued gown at glitzy screening for her new film The Aftermath in New York
Stephanie Pratt looks sensational as she showcases her toned figure in a tiny skimpy cut-out black bikini during her Hawaii getaway
Penélope Cruz, 44, stuns in a fairytale gown as she joins her co-star Antonio Banderas at their movie Pain & Glory premiere in Spain
Bond Girl Eva Green argues AGAINST having a female 007 to replace Daniel Craig, insisting the part should always be given to a man
Jenna Coleman CONFIRMS she will be recast in Victoria with an older actress... and hints at who could be replacing her
Harry puffer! An unrecognisable Daniel Radcliffe smokes a cigarette in between filming takes  of his new movie Escape From Pretoria in Adelaide
Tom Hiddleston looks dapper in a navy blue chequered suit at the press night of his new play Betrayal in London as his West End debut wins rave reviews    
First night review: The Hiddleston mojo is going strong but he never gets to let rip in Harold Pinter's Betrayal, writes PATRICK MARMION
Jennifer Lopez hits gym with new $4.5M ring... as Jose Canseco doubles down on THAT affair claim and challenges A-Rod to take a lie-detector test
Gillian Anderson is typically stylish in a hot pink jacket and blazer combo as she steps out following her All About Eve performance
The Mummy Diaries: Sam Faiers FINALLY set to share a bed with beau Paul Knightley again... but he's reluctant for their son to have his own bedroom
Una Healy 'hits out at cheating ex husband Ben Foden in scathing lyrics for new break-up song'
Kylie Jenner heads to visit her grandmother Mary Jo Campbell in custom Mercedes G-Wagon as she is joined by mom Kris
Ant McPartlin makes cheerful return to Twitter after I'm A Celebrity...Get Me Out Of Here! bosses confirm he'll be back presenting the show this year
Shirley Ballas breaks down during Mount Kilimanjaro trek as she struggles to cope with camping and dedicates challenge to her late brother
Jodie Foster reveals she was 'scared' of co-star Anthony Hopkins while filming cult classic horror movie The Silence Of The Lambs
Arnold Schwarzenegger reveals streak of grey hair under dyed brown locks as he enjoys sweet catch up with daughter Katherine 
Tanya Burr revealed turning blonde 'gave her a new lease of life'... just days before announcing her split from husband Jim Chapman  
Bella Thorne is a wonder in white as she sports casual T-shirt and ripped jeans for Sugar Factory event in Miami
Hugh Jackman returning to Broadway in revival of iconic 1950s show The Music Man... nearly 20 years after his first run on the New York stage
Gemma Collins unveils dramatic cosmetic transformation after having filler injected into her tear ducts, cheeks and chin
Black Swan Oscar winner Natalie Portman launches online acting class sharing tips from 25-year movie career
Tinie Tempah attends Prince's Trust event with long-term partner and newborn daughter after secretly becoming a father for the first time 
Karlie Kloss is chic in black as model heads into Today Show studio to talk taking over as Project Runway host
Jordan Peele says his new film, Us, had five times the budget of Get Out: 'Which by movie standards is still not that expensive of a film'
Lance Bass at SXSW premiere of his bombshell documentary The Boy Band Con: The Lou Pearlman Story
Irina Shayk gives leggy display in flirty floral leggings as she leaves a gym session in Los Angeles
Kate Moss oozes sophistication in an elegant black dress as she makes an ultra glam arrival at Annabel's
Gemma Atkinson cradles her baby bump in printed maxi dress as she joins Gorka Marquez at Prince's Trust event
Amber Davies gets cosy in a pink jacket and leggings as she slips out 9 to 5: The Musical's backdoor
Alessandra Ambrosio and boyfriend Nicolo Oddi are both absorbed in phone calls during LA shopping trip
Chrissy Teigen ROASTS those involved in Operation Varsity Blues with hilarious photoshop of her and John Legend on soccer player bodies
Botched star Dr Paul Nassif reveals the 'the Kardashian effect' on his plastic surgery patients - but believes 'big fat behinds' are going out of fashion
Demi Lovato calls old video from 2008 where Miley Cyrus is singing with Selena Gomez 'iconic'... as all three reflect on a bygone era
Mummy Diaries EXCLUSIVE: Sam Faiers and Paul Knightley clash again over whether to send son Paul to nursery as tot screams 'I want to go'
And the Oscar for best trout on a plate goes to... Richard Gere! CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV 
Zara McDermott stuns in plunging lace bodysuit for racy social media snap... as it's revealed she and Olly Murs have been 'liking' each other's posts
Game of Thrones actor Nikolaj Coster-Waldau reflects on Jaime Lannister and the end of the series
Paul Hollywood gives Russell Brand a 'virtual handshake' after he shares his baking creations online following his Great Celebrity Bake Off win
EastEnders SPOILER: Rainie Cross is left visibly shaken as Stuart Highway lashes out at her for suggesting they con Dot Cotton out of her fortune
Serena Williams plants a kiss on little Olympia's head as they explore DisneyLand with Alexis Ohanian
Coronation Street star Kym Marsh joins the cast of Elf: The Musical... amid claims she would 'make a million' after quitting the soap
Breaking Bad star and Harvard graduate Dean Norris slams 'rich f***wads' who cheated to get their kids into college
Lori Loughlin's daughter was spending spring break on a top USC official's yacht when the college bribery scandal broke
Krysten Ritter shows off baby bump in polka dot dress just weeks after announcing pregnancy
Kimberley Garner flaunts her lithe figure in a teeny-tiny black bikini as she soaks up the sun on Miami beach
Alicia Keys publishing new memoir under Oprah Winfrey's imprint: 'It's been an amazing process' 
Frasier reboot: Kelsey Grammer teases plot for potential return involving Crane's relationship with his son... to pay homage to his late on-screen dad 
Chris Pratt and fiancée Katherine Schwarzenegger share a smooch after visiting a home design firm in West Hollywood
Kendall Jenner opts for casual chic in a cream turtleneck and blue jeans as she explores Paris 
Empire showrunner talks about the 'difficult decision' to write Jussie Smollett out of final season 5 episodes
Julianne Moore opens up about her 16-year marriage to Bart Freundlich and how their love continues to grow 
Ashley Graham stuns on the cover of Harper's Bazaar Australia... as she reveals she's still turned away by designers who aren't willing to dress her
Meghan's maternity leave starts now! The Duchess of Sussex has no 'official engagements' scheduled before the birth of her baby
She's always glossy on TV and super-organised at work, But here KATE GARRAWAY dares to admit the one flaw that drives her husband crazy 
Jessica Alba questioned her intelligence until success of The Honest Company: 'I feel okay with identifying myself as smart'
Felicity Huffman hugs fellow college admissions scam parent Jane Buckingham in newly unearthed photo 
Lori Loughlin posts $1MILLION bail and will be released after turning herself in for her part in the college admissions scam
Laura Whitmore looks super fashionable in a gold blazer as she joins Chloe Lloyd at glitzy bash
Jax Taylor, Brittany Cartwright and Lance Bass party with Joan Jett in Austin at the SXSW DailyMailTV bash
Kim Kardashian is positively glowing in a platinum blonde wig after indulging in a girls' night out with her sisters in Santa Monica
The Bachelor's Colton Underwood plants a sweet kiss on Cassie Randolph on the sidewalks of New York... after admitting he's 'madly in love'
Kacey Musgraves brings the va va voom to Hollywood Reporter party in edgy sheer number with floral accents 
Sophie Turner gives her mum Sally an affectionate kiss as she and fiancé Joe Jonas say farewell to her parents in NYC
Amy Schumer says she and Lena Dunham bonded over being told they're 'worthless' on social media
Lori Loughlin's sitcom character once had a school admissions scam storyline on Full House and Twitter is dragging her for it in the wake of college scandal
Lori Loughlin's daughter says parents forced her to go to college and her father 'faked his way through college' by using money meant for tuition to start his business
John Stamos looks visibly shaken as he keeps mum regarding on-screen wife Lori Loughlin's indictment in college bribery scandal
Bristol Palin says she's only had ONE conversation with her son's stepmom in SIX YEARS - as she opens up about her relationships
Fearne Cotton swaps glamorous floral gown for striped jumper and fur coat as she leaves the London Palladium after hosting the Prince's Trust Awards
Kerry Katona shares family heartache as she reveals her auntie Josie has died in an emotional Instagram post
Matt Smith teaches his family how to murder people as serial killer Charles Manson in chilling first trailer for forthcoming movie Charlie Says  
Rosie O'Donnell, 56, reveals she was sexually abused by her  FATHER as a young girl
Kim Murray reprises her VERY animated courtside displays as she cheers on the riders during a rare public appearance with Andy at Cheltenham
Nikki Bella and Artem Chigvintsev can't keep their hands off each other during PDA-packed date
Ben Affleck smartens up in a blazer as he spends the day with Lindsay Shookus after reigniting relationship
Kristen Stewart LICKS her Charlie's Angels co-star Ella Balinska on the shoulder as they pose with cast mate Naomi Scott
Louise Thompson 'QUITS Made In Chelsea after eight years'... a day after her brother Sam confirms his exit from the hit reality show
Tamara Ecclestone EXCLUSIVE: Heiress reveals troll, who issued death threat to her daughter, four, was FIRED after Jay Rutland outed his vile comment
Felicity Huffman's character BRIBES her son's coach in newly-resurfaced Desperate Housewives scenes... as actress is charged over admissions scam 
Will Smith steps out of comfort zone to conquer his fear of stand-up comedy with help from Dave Chappelle
Alec Baldwin scoops up son Rafael up for a kiss as wife Hilaria takes a brief break from tending to sick Carmen 
Queen Letizia of Spain looks glamorous in a multicoloured dress as she joins Prince of Wales at the National Gallery for new exhibition
Is Kris Boyson about to to propose to Katie Price? Fitness guru 'brings engagement ring to Thailand'
Dua Lipa steps out in funky fluffy heels as she totters through the terminals at London's Heathrow Airport 
RHOBH star Kyle Richards says she's 'shocked' by her friend Lori Loughlin's college bribery scandal
Keira Knightley reveals questionable Love Actually hat was a last minute addition as she had the 'biggest zit of her life growing out of her head'
Bella Thorne opts for comfort wearing a blue velour tracksuit with sister Dani in matching pants at the airport in LA
Fifi Geldof admits she's missing Peaches 'more than ever' as she pays tribute to her late sister on what would have been her 30th birthday
Nicole Kidman beams as she is seen for the first time on New York set of new HBO series The Undoing
Did Kate make alterations to old McQueen dress at gala event or was she wearing a similar gown? (as fans claim the flower gives it away)
Ciara admits it 'took a lot of prayer' to abstain from sex with Russell Wilson before marriage... but says it was all worth it
Maya Jama dazzles in kimono-inspired floral gown as she joins an elegant Laura Whitmore and Iskra Lawrence at the star-studded Prince's Trust Awards 
Moment Danny Dyer boasts about his royal connections to a bemused Prince Charles - after learning he's a direct descendant of King Edward III
Russell Kane's wife Lindsey suffers an epic wardrobe malfunction at The Prince's Trust Awards as her trousers SPLIT before hitting the red carpet
Ciara models plunging top under a fur coat as she holds onto husband Russell Wilson's arm in NYC... after luxurious Caribbean vacation
Casey Batchelor shows off her FOUR STONE weight loss in a sunny yellow bikini as she flashes her huge ring after getting engaged
Cheat's Katherine Kelly stuns in cream co-ord at Prince's Trust event as she insists she wasn't 'embarrassed' over filming racy self-pleasure scene
Olivia Newton-John reveals she was involved with a Hollywood bad-boy legend who also dated Susan George in new memoir
Kate Moss nails springtime chic in a light khaki jacket and flared black trousers as she joins DJ Fat Tony for coffee in Notting Hill
Justin Bieber and Hailey Baldwin look tense in NYC... day after she partied with  Kendall Jenner as he stayed home to deal with feeling 'weird'
Love Island's Kendall Rae Knight highlights her bronzed physique in a slew of bikini snaps as she continues sun-soaked Dubai break
Human Ken Doll EXC: Rodrigo Alves reveals three surgeons declined to treat him after his chin EXPLODED... but  doctor will fill in dent with fat from his neck
Inside Claire King's idyllic country manor: Emmerdale star's sensational abode boasts a cosy living room, sprawling land and stables
Kate Winslet and Saoirse Ronan get to work on set of lesbian period drama Ammonite... after family of the fossil pioneer blasted the film
Luke Perry 'is not buried in Tennessee' where his death certificate states he was laid to rest as family struggles to keep details 'private'
Coronation Street's Alan Halsall unveils results of SECOND hair transplant and jokes he looks like a 'naughty 90s pop star'
TOWIE EXCLUSIVE: Georgia Kousoulou reveals she's been reduced to TEARS by horrific trolls after they slammed her nose job
Emmerdale's Louisa Clein admits it's been 'tough' playing paedophile Maya Stepney as she hits back at critics of soap's grooming storyline
Jessica Canseco breaks her silence on claims made by her ex Jose that she has been sleeping with Jennifer Lopez's fiance Alex Rodriguez
Priyanka Chopra remarks 'lol' as Miley Cyrus shares her DMs with Nick Jonas... in which he told his ex she was 'fire'
Vogue Williams looks classically chic in fedora hat and tartan coat as she battles the high winds at star-studded Cheltenham Ladies Day 
Cheltenham revellers get Ladies Day off to a colourful start as they don VERY bright outfits and plunging necklines as event goes ahead despite bad weather 
Royals at the races! Zara Tindall is perfect in plum as she braves windy weather at Cheltenham alongside Princess Anne and the Duchess of Cornwall
Love Island's Tina Stinnes turns up the heat as she displays her toned figure in red halterneck bikini while posing in a hot tub at Soho Farmhouse
Kylie Jenner reveals what foods she cut out  to lose those last few pounds after welcoming Stormi: 'It's all about diet for me'
Nick Jonas reveals he is 'open' to duet with 'incredible' singer Priyanka Chopra... after he celebrated his No. 1 song by giving her a $200k Maybach
Alicia Vikander stuns in Louis Vuitton dresses as she floats in the air for daring photoshoot: 'I don't show that I'm s***ing my pants'
Jeremy Kyle, 53, and girlfriend Vicky Burton, 37, wrap up in matching grey coats as they enjoy day at Cheltenham Festival
Georgia Toffolo cuts a chic figure in a vibrant coat and riding boots for Ladies Day at Cheltenham  
Mary Berry looks stylish in eggshell co-ord and riding boots as she joins daughter Annabel Hunnings for Ladies Day at Cheltenham
Billie Faiers slips into a bikini as she cools off in outdoor shower after snorkelling with husband Greg Shepherd on day three of Maldives honeymoon
Kelly Brook highlights her jaw-dropping curves in green khaki co-ords as she arrives at Heart FM... after hilarious This Morning segment
Coronation Street star Alison King goes makeup free for shopping in Wilmslow... as her character Carla takes centre stage in factory collapse
Holly Willoughby claims Paddy McGuinness was only hired for Celebrity Juice 'because Emily Atack wasn't available'
Lori Loughlin turns herself into the FBI in L.A. after flying back from Vancouver to face college bribery charges
William H. Macy was not charged in college scandal like wife Felicity Huffman because he did not organize the logistics of daughter's fraudulent SAT
Jennifer Lopez, 49, 'didn't know' beau Alex Rodriguez, 43, was going to propose but is 'over the moon' says her World Of Dance co-star Ne-Yo
Britney Spears 'will need permission' from her father and conservator Jamie to marry beau Sam Asghari
Kylie Jenner flaunts her curves in formfitting dress while Kim Kardashian flashes her legs in printed skirt for dinner with Kourtney and Khloe
Malin Andersson gets personalised hand and footprint pendant in memory of late baby daughter after saying 'no one understands the pain of losing a child' 
TOWIE's Shelby Tribble flaunts her bronzed figure in a bright yellow bikini as Thailand getaway continues
TOWIE's Courtney Green and BFF Chloe Meadows turn heads in bright array of bikinis for filming in Thailand
Ferne McCann shows off her incredible frame as she frolics on the beach with Sunday in throwback snap from Billie Faiers' Maldives wedding 
Cheat viewers attempt to link Rose and Leah with reams of WILD conspiracy theories... while fans rage over love rat Adam's creepy 'd**k pic'
Bond 25 star Ralph Fiennes backs Idris Elba to take over from Daniel Craig as 007 and claims he 'hasn't read a script' for delayed new film 
Pregnant Lacey Turner believed she would never have a baby after suffering two miscarriages and admits she blamed herself for the loss
Piers Morgan jokes his wife Celia Walden was 'annoyed' when he 'proposed' to co-host Susanna Reid with £1 ring on Good Morning Britain
Holly Willoughby is reunited with her TRIC Award... after her This Morning co-stars MISPLACED her trophy in McDonald's after ceremony
Kelly Brook leaves Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield in hysterics after she is DRAGGED into a bed by Keith Lemon and Paddy McGuinness 
Goodbye flossing! Take That, Ellie Goulding and Lorraine take on the TRIANGLE challenge as the viral dance craze sweeps social media 
Conor McGregor leaves his Miami Beach villa and heads off to a gym... the day after he was arrested for 'smashing a fan's phone' outside club
Love Island's Sam Bird cosies up to Georgia Steel-lookalike on boozy night out with newly-single co-star Adam Collard in London bar 
Mollie King shares a hug with AJ Pritchard as they reunite onstage at his dance tour... a year after fuelling romance rumours during Strictly stint
Star Wars star Oscar Isaac confirms Episode IX will mark 'the end of the Skywalker saga'... after first starting in 1977 with George Lucas' A New Hope
Drake 'throws himself into daddy duties as he brings son Adonis, 17 months, on Assassination Vacation European tour'
Mummy Diaries EXCLUSIVE: Mum Sue reveals the stress of Billie's wedding caused sleepless nights, skin flare-ups and the bride's HAIR to fall out 
Daring Duchess! Kate put her own stamp on her £790 Gucci blouse by wearing it BACKWARDS for a visit to a London children's centre
Fearne Cotton admits 'marriage takes work' after 'screaming match' with husband Jesse Wood... and brands rift rumours 'absolute b*******'
Rylan's chocolate meringue memory of Ibiza was poo-pooed. while Michelle Keegan made Paul Hollywood's mouth water on The Great Celebrity Bake Off
Katie Price is blasted for by failing to turn up at court after 'yelling abuse at her ex's new girlfriend outside school' - as she relaxes in Thailand 
Love Island's Jack Fowler cannot contain delight as he is awkwardly branded better looking that Your Face Or Mine contestant's boyfriend 
'I'm excited to find my person': Bachelorette Hannah Brown is 'ready to get engaged' as she shares cute throwback snap wearing wedding dress
The Bachelor star Colton Underwood and his girlfriend Cassie are given a diamond engagement ring by Jimmy Kimmel in case they need it one day
The Bachelor's Colton Underwood is 'madly in love' with Cassie Randolph as the pair hold hands in New York after shocking series finale
Julia Roberts and Emily Blunt reveal their best style secrets to getting red carpet ready
Khloe Kardashian slips into skintight snakeskin dress as Kourtney takes the plunge in black leather couture for sensational sisters' night out
Tina Malone avoids jail for sharing 'image of James Bulger's killer' after she tells a judge she was high on anti-depressants following a cocaine arrest
Michael Sheen urges dads to talk to their daughters about periods and find out what sanitary protection they use as he stars in a video campaign
Kendall Jenner takes the plunge in daring snakeskin dress as she joins BFF Hailey Bieber at star-studded hotel launch party
George Clooney poses with stunning wife Amal who turns heads in a blue satin gown as they arrive for Postcode Lottery charity event in Edinburgh
EXCLUSIVE Amber Heard confirms her split from Vito Schnabel as she's seen sharing a passionate kiss with director Andy Muschietti
Melinda Messenger, 48, SPLITS from First Dates boyfriend Chris Harding as he says he 'never ever wants to kiss her again'
PICTURED: Dan Osborne masks his face as he leaves nightclub with giggling Alexandra Cane amid kiss claims... as he is 'DUMPED' by Jacqueline Jossa
Jessie J gazes adoringly at beau Channing Tatum as they pack on the PDA during London trip after going public with unlikely romance
Elizabeth Hurley, 53, sets pulses racing as she slips into a tiny baby blue bikini for racy Instagram snap
Bella Thorne flaunts her slender figure in a red string bikini as she hangs out poolside in Miami before DJ gig
Lupita Nyong'o nails chilling look in a shimmering plaid gown and spooky red contacts as she attends UK premiere of Jordan Peele's thriller Us
Chance The Rapper's new wife Kirsten Corley shares bikini bump picture as hitmaker reveals they are expecting a second daughter
Gemma Collins sparkles in a sequinned gown as she walks hand-in-hand James Argent for their JOINT appearance after his public apology
Ferne McCann shows off her endless legs in a chic mini dress as she attends Gemma Collins and James Argent's  fundraising event in Essex
Paris Jackson denies she's a 'junkie alcoholic' and claims she and boyfriend 'were play-acting a movie break-up scene' after 'drinking' pictures emerge
Sam Faiers showcases jaw-dropping figure in another sizzling bikini snap as she jets home with her newlywed sister Billie after her Maldives wedding
Kaia Gerber models oversized sweater and jeans as she enjoys downtime in Malibu... after lighting up several runway shows in Paris
Stone-faced Felicity Huffman glares out from her LA home two days after leaving jail on $250,000 bail for buying her daughter a better SAT score
Jacqueline Jossa heads home ALONE after 'dumping' husband Dan Osborne amid claims he kissed Alexandra Cane
EXCLUSIVE: Man in love! Barbra Streisand and devoted husband James Brolin hold hands as he escorts her to 'plastic surgery clinic' 
Cheat bosses and star Katherine Kelly rule out a second series ahead of the ITV show's gripping finale   
Kylie Jenner shows off her toned waist in a Chanel crop top as she reclines on her newly repainted beige G-Wagon  
Father Ted actor Pat Laffan dies aged 79: 'Milkman Pat Mustard' honoured by sitcom's creator Graham Linehan
Who killed Adam - his wife Leah or her student/stalker Rose? 10 questions we need answering in tonight's finale of Cheat, by Jim Shelley 
The Sopranos prequel Newark gets 2020 release date... with Michael Gandolfini set to play young Tony Soprano
Alex Rodriguez spent 'several months' picking out the perfect engagement ring for Jennifer Lopez before surprising her with 16-carat sparkler 
Gemma Atkinson and Gorka Marquez share sweet Instagram video as they swap kisses for delicious treats
Kendall Jenner slides her sensational figure into snakeskin trousers as she steps out in Paris
Ray Winstone attends star-studded Cheltenham Festival amid his bet365 advert controversy
Bradley Cooper zooms away on his motorcycle after casual lunch with a friend in Brentwood
Hallmark cuts ties with Lori Loughlin after she was charged in college admissions cheating scandal for paying $500,000 to get her daughters into USC
Khloe Kardashian puts True in 'wish you were here' shirt amid claims she is livid ex Tristan Thompson is not around for his daughter
A night with Kendall? That'll cost you! Model and her pals  were reportedly paid a whopping $250,000 EACH to attend a hotel opening party 
Nicole Kidman exudes glamour as she rocks rich red curls while filming her new HBO series The Undoing in NYC
Kirsty Gallacher, 43, is spotted behind the wheel for the first time after her two year drink-driving ban
Laura Whitmore hits back at troll claiming she shaved her jaw off as she defiantly shares a montage of extreme close-up snaps
Megan Barton Hanson flashes her toned abs in a checkered crop top and mini skirt as she steps out for WooWoo event in London
Kevin Spacey and his legal counsel spotted leaving swanky Hollywood hotel where a lawyer for Netflix is staying - with the actor trying to go unnoticed 
'Obviously you miss the large bank account': Laurence Fox reveals he said 'goodbye to his money' in financially crippling divorce from Billie Piper 
Kim Woodburn, 76, shocks with racy remark about a G-STRING in first social media post... as she returns to public eye after Loose Women row 
Charlotte Crosby screams in pain and faints in a swimming pool as horrific moment she broke her nose is caught on camera
Padma Lakshmi posts subway selfie after penning painful essay reflecting on her own childhood abuse and rape
Actress Arielle Kebbel slated to take over Angelina Jolie's role in The Bone Collector for the television adaptation of the book series Lincoln
Rosario Dawson confirms she is dating 'kind and loving' presidential hopeful Cory Booker as she touches down in Washington DC
Meghan gets her own new high-powered press chief who worked for Bill and Hillary Clinton as she and Harry split from Kate and Wills by getting their own staff
Twiggy, 69, looks stylish in white power suit as style icon receives damehood for her services to fashion, the arts and charity
Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon surprise employees at a BP service station in Western Australia as they stock up on MEAT PIES and tomato sauce
Morrissey shows off 'I only swerve for Morrissey' bumper sticker on his Mini Convertible during shopping trip
Jess Wright flaunts her incredibly toned figure in black and white polka dot bikini from her own range 
Myleene Klass takes a walk on the wild side in animal print dress as pregnant star cradles her growing baby bump at Global radio studios
Aladdin poster is released by Disney showing Will Smith without his blue makeup... after fans loved his Genie in first official trailer
Drake invites son Adonis's former porn star mother Sophie Brussaux as a VIP guest to his Paris show
Project Runway's first ever transgender model makes a VERY emotional debut - after revealing she lived as a MONK in Thailand before transitioning 
Alexandra Cane PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Love Island star goes topless in sultry shoot after hitting back at claims she kissed married Dan Osborne
Chrissy Teigen congratulates nine-month-old son Miles on his graduation from wearing head-shaping helmet 
Emotional moment Whoopi Goldberg surprises her teary-eyed co-hosts of The View after nearly dying from sepsis during her battle with pneumonia
Bachelorette contestants unveiled: All 33 of the men competing for Hannah Brown's heart
Billie Faiers sizzles in sexy gown for honeymoon dinner... yet new husband Greg Shepherd cruelly brands her 'The Wicked Witch of the Maldives'
James Argent cuts a casual figure in all-black tracksuit as he heads out in Essex... after publicly apologising to girlfriend Gemma Collins
Sephora ENDS its partnership with Lori Loughlin's daughter Olivia Jade after customers threatened to BOYCOTT stores in the wake of her parents' college bribery scandal
Is this a haunting new photograph of Madeleine Mccann? Netflix documentary shows girls 'including missing three-year-old' playing at Praia da Luz children's club 
Jenny Mollen rants about parents feeding their children bagels and raisins as she insists they are 'all sugar'
Tiffany Trump's billionaire beau plays personal shopper and picks up FIVE designer fur coats for her while on a shopping trip in Serbia 
Never mind the mud! Zara and Mike Tindall shrug off the wintry weather as they put in their third Cheltenham appearance in a week
Rod Stewart, 74, looks suave in cream waistcoat and tweed flat cap as he packs on the PDA with wife Penny Lancaster, 47, at Cheltenham Festival
Kate Beckinsale makes her charming TV debut aged four in newly unearthed This Is Your Life celebrating comedy actor dad Richard
Harry Styles makes a very rare public appearance as he steps out in hoodie and pink nail polish
Katie Holmes is seen for the first time walking with daughter Suri Cruise... amid split rumors with Jamie Foxx
Barbara Palvin reveals she is Victoria's Secret's newest Angel - as she thanks the 'everyone at VS' for helping her to overcome body image issues 
Beyoncé 'refuses to hand over private communications with husband Jay Z and her mother amid ongoing trademark battle over Blue Ivy's name'
Kyle Richards' husband Mauricio Umansky sued for fraud in $32m Malibu mansion deal... after home sold for DOUBLE the price one year later
Kate Beckinsale, 45, shares very sexy selfie in semi-sheer leotard as she poses in the bathroom after claiming she's ageing like a 'horrible fossil'
Jussie Smollett pleads not guilty as it's revealed his family enlisted Michelle Obama's former aide to  get his case handed to the FBI after attack 
Have Amber Heard and Vito Schnabel split? Art dealer cozies up to model Denise Schaefer outside restaurant in New York 
Sarah Harding 'QUITS fame and goes into hiding following unsuccessful music comeback'
Megan Barton Hanson reveals her ample cleavage in sizzling fishnet top... as she reveals a friend branded her 'plastic' after her nose job at 18
Paul Hollywood's ex Alex admits 'divorce is hard' as she offers her side of supermarket spat with his girlfriend (and insists she wants him to be 'happy') 
Rochelle Humes shows off her toned figure in a peach swimsuit as she shoots beauty campaign in Dubai
Christina Hendricks tells Busy Philipps she does not use social media because she fears her feelings would get hurt
Toni Terry showcases her phenomenal physique in a vibrant yellow bikini as she poses for sizzling snap in Dubai
Flipping Out's Jeff Lewis reveals he's been dating again... as bitter breakup battle with ex Gage Edward rages on
TOWIE's Shelby Tribble sizzles in TINY maroon bikini as she continues her sun-soaked Thailand getaway
Celebs Go Dating EXCLUSIVE: Georgia Steel dishes on 'fit' love interest Nathan as she reunites with Love Island's Zara McDermott
Danielle Armstrong showcases her sensational figure in a leopard print bikini as she lives it up in Singapore
Khloe Kardashian shows off new 'True' necklace amid claims she's 'angry at ex Tristan Thompson for not making any effort with their daughter'
Downton Abbey actor Jim Carter, 70, is supported by his proud wife Imelda Staunton, 63, as he receives OBE for his services to drama
Dapper Duke! Prince Harry is smart in a navy suit as he attends the Veterans' Mental Health Conference in London
Inside Katherine Kelly's home: Cheat star offers a glimpse into her family home complete with a stylish orangery and cosy furnishings
Love Island's Zara Holland displays her eye-popping cleavage in red triangle bikini as she continues to soak up the sun on Dubai getaway
Jennifer Saunders is laden down with bags as casually clad star takes her pet dog for a stroll
Kelly Brook accentuates her hourglass figure in Chanel-style cropped jacket and skintight jeans as she arrives at Heart FM
Jourdan Dunn shows off her incredible physique in an orange crop top and black jogging bottoms as she fronts Reebok's SS19 women's campaign
Gigi Hadid bundles up in black puffy coat and matching boots as she leaves a photo shoot in New York
Kylie Jenner hints she could soon be collaborating with her model sister Kendall on a Kylie Cosmetics makeup line
Malin Andersson pays tribute to her late daughter Consy with heartbreaking picture before visiting her beloved mum's grave  
Harry Redknapp EXCLUSIVE: Football manager hilariously reveals he picked up his wife Sandra's passport by accident during EPIC airport blunder
Lisa Faulkner and John Torode team up to present a Sunday morning cooking series... as he reveals she took THREE HOURS to accept his proposal
Bollywood star Deepika Padukone delightedly unveils her stunning new waxwork figure at Madame Tussauds London
Ciara gained 60lbs from pigging out on 'fries, mac and cheese and corn bread' when pregnant with 2nd baby but lost it all thanks to 'small meals'
Salma Hayek reveals she played a 'sexy character' when meeting film bosses so they would 'look past her accent' as she details industry racism
Louise Thompson pokes fun of tourists on a quest for the perfect pool selfie... despite her taking a whopping 26 snaps during her Bali break so far
Ben Affleck reveals he disagrees with Jennifer Garner while co-parenting and admits he's 'grateful' for his battle with alcoholism
Bryan Singer is fired from Red Sonja reboot after studio fails to find a distributor willing to take on the film if the accused child rapist directs 
Scarlett Johansson shares a rare group double Vogue cover which celebrates female talent from 14 countries around the world
Kendall Jenner meets with a black stallion on the beach in dreamlike new ad for Longchamp SS19
Love Island's Chris Hughes reveals new love Jesy Nelson leaves him SPEECHLESS... after admitting he's the 'happiest he's ever been'
Emmerdale viewers are left sickened as groomed teen Jacob Gallagher hears paedophile Maya having SEX with his dad David
Coronation Street SPOILER: Filming snaps hint that Gemma Winter SURVIVES factory roof collapse... as she is spotted on-set with brother Paul
Is A-Rod sporting a BLACK EYE? Jennifer Lopez's new fiancé Alex Rodriguez appears to have a bruised face as couple arrive in Miami
Vicky Pattison sizzles in plunging zebra swimsuit as she shares steamy throwback to celebrate Instagram's return
Coronation Street's Simon Gregson's wife 'has her nose broken by thug while protecting her brother... as the actor is left FURIOUS at the attack'
Gordon Ramsay leaves fans outraged as he unveils a VEGAN roast dinner at his London restaurant - with one saying it looks like a 'dog's dinner' 
Scotty T confesses he took cocaine EVERY day to cope with the pressure of fame... and admits he STILL uses drugs but insists he doesn't 'need' them
Binky Felstead slips into a mismatched bikini as she enjoys another day in paradise on a girls' trip to the Maldives 
Khloe Kardashian reveals her toned tummy as she carries True on her hip for 'first photo shoot with momma'
Matt Smith keeps things casual in a T-Shirt and baggy jogging bottoms... after he transformed into Charles Manson in first trailer for Charlie Says
MasterChef star John Torode reveals fiancée Lisa Faulkner waited THREE HOURS before she accepted his sweet Christmas Day proposal
Strictly's Kevin Clifton admits he'll 'always love' ex-wife Karen... as he reveals they split to stop things turning 'argumentative and difficult'
Strictly's Karen Clifton wows in cropped jumper and polka dot skirt as she cosies up to beau David Webb at co-star Giovanni Pernice's dance tour
Strictly's Ashley Roberts shows off her eye-popping cleavage in mesh mini as she cosies up to Giovanni Pernice for London leg of his dance tour
Colin Farrell looks dapper at Dumbo premiere in Japan after Disney remake receives rave early reviews 
Real Housewives of New York alum Kelly Bensimon, 50, is radiant in red power suit at WE tv event in NYC
Bachelorette vet Rachel Lindsay flashes her bra in see-through top at fashion show... after revealing she wants to get pregnant soon
Avengers: Endgame's new trailer takes a look back at the superheroes' pasts as they promise to do 'whatever it takes' to defeat Thanos
Mel Gibson, 63, and girlfriend Rosalind Ross, 28, don casual chic ensembles for a date at an upmarket restaurant in Santa Monica
Geri Horner belts out a Spice Girls classic while working up a sweat in her home gym as she prepares for big reunion tour
Ashanti sends temperatures soaring as she flaunts her incredibly toned physique in hot pink bikini during scenic Trinidad getaway
Kyle Richards calls sister Kathy Hilton 'one of the funniest people' as she shares birthday message on her 60th after mending feud
Joey King models minidress as she heads to Today appearance with Patricia Arquette where they talk up show about Munchausen by proxy victim
James Franco, 40, gets some reading done as he soaks up the sun with bikini-clad girlfriend Isabel Pakzad, 25, during vacation to Miami
Laura Anderson goes TOPLESS as she covers her assets with a brunette wig while donning horns and dramatic glitzy make-up
Ben Affleck defends his giant back tattoo as he hits out of critics of his 'meaningful' phoenix inking
Joe Giudice is released from prison and in 'ICE custody' following three-year stint for fraud... amid news reality star is facing deportation
Friends creator Marta Kauffman says there will NEVER be a reboot of the hit sitcom as it 'could only disappoint'
Scott Disick names Khloe Kardashian as his 'woman crush Wednesday'... and says he's 'been waiting all week to post this'
Hailey Baldwin wraps up in camel tracksuit by husband Justin Bieber's fashion label in NYC... after partying with Kendall Jenner 
Jonathan Cheban is seen with a mystery woman in Beverly Hills... after wrapping season 16 of Keeping Up With The Kardashians
La Toya Jackson attends Michael Jackson tribute show in Mexico...  amid Leaving Neverland child abuse claims against her late brother 
Carla Gugino, 47, stands out in lace and silk camisole while at InStyle dinner in New York City with Ciara and Emily Ratajkowski
Ciara shows off her twerking skills as she demonstrates a series of sexy dances in sultry clip
Lena Dunham poses completely nude as she uses strategically-placed pig snout and bee emoticons to protect her modesty 
Demi Lovato moves into '$35k a month luxury high-rise condo in Los Angeles' as she moves on from $9m mansion where she overdosed
Lindsey Vonn looks Alpine chic in white faux fur jacket as she joins boyfriend P.K. Subban for date night at Craig's
Emily Ratajkowski shines in sleeveless black dress with amazing snakeskin boots at InStyle Dinner in New York
Gloria Estefan, 61, cuts a glamorous figure in rose printed gown as she and husband Emilio, 66, are honoured at Gershwin Prize tribute concert
Keira Knightley looks every inch the leading lady in a green tulle gown as she attends The Aftermath screening in New York City
Ciara shows off her wild side in plunging animal print ensemble as she is joined by husband Russell Wilson to lead the stars at InStyle Dinner
Ashley Graham embraces her style icon status in striped crop top and yellow denim jacket as she speaks at SXSW event
Teen Mom 2's Leah Messer single again after splitting with Jason Jordan for the second time 
Elle Fanning belts out Robyn's Dancing On My Own as she plays aspiring singer in upcoming coming-of-age movie Teen Spirit
Jason Donovan will return to the West End in Joseph And The Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat... 28 YEARS after he first played the lead
Kate Hudson shares a sweet family snap as she and boyfriend Danny Fujikawa cuddle up to daughter Rani
Jennifer Lawrence exudes sophistication in chic grey coat during relaxed date night with fiance Cooke Maroney in NYC
Ellie Goulding is planning 'to invite Sarah Ferguson and her daughter Eugenie to her London hen do' ahead of wedding to Caspar Jopling
Kylie Jenner heads to visit her grandmother Mary Jo Campbell in custom Mercedes G-Wagon
SNL's Pete Davidson goes shopping for sunglasses in Beverly Hills with bestie Machine Gun Kelly
Amelia Hamlin dons crop top and sweats for Beverly Hills outing with hoodie-wearing sister Delilah
Christie Brinkley looks on the bright side in yellow cleavage-baring suit at magazine cover launch party in NYC
Jennifer Garner lets her true colors shine through in bright ensemble during LA coffee run
Courteney Cox looks stylish in a cozy sweater and leather slingbacks as she leaves lunch in Beverly Hills
Will Smith enthusiastically twerks as he reacts to Instagram returning online... after app was down for hours 
Emily Ratajkowski defends herself against 'crazy' body-shamers on Instagram after posting cheeky side-by-side pic with friend
Halsey smartens up in a bow-tie and shirt as she leads arrivals on the iHeartRadio Awards 2019 red carpet 
Ronnie Wood's wife Sally, 41, amazes in a polka dot ruffled dress as she cosies up to her rocker husband, 71, at charity gala
Jade Thirlwall cuts a glamorous figure in silk dress and strappy heels as she attends Stonewall Equality Dinner
Justin Bieber looks relaxed as he runs errands solo in LA after admitting struggle with depression left him 'feeling super disconnected'
Taylor Swift shares dreamy photo of herself enjoying the sunshine ahead of tonight's iHeartRadio Awards
Lori's Loughlin's daughters Olivia and Isabella both QUIT USC because they're scared of being  'viciously bullied' amid college bribery scandal 
Danai Gurira's name added to top of Avengers: Endgame poster after Marvel apologizes for not including the Black Panther actress
Luna tells Chrissy Teigen 'thank you mama' as she gets her first big girl bed... then swiftly fetches her teddies
Katie Holmes ramps up her sex appeal in thigh-baring PVC leather skirt on the heels of a rumored split from longtime boyfriend Jamie Foxx
The Amazing Race's Dr. Jim Raman found dead at his home aged 42
'It was part of what he used to groom boys': Simpsons writer claims Michael Jackson used his cameo episode as a tool to sexually abuse young boys
Louis Tomlinson is 'devastated and distraught' as his 'loveable, caring, bright and beautiful' sister Felicite, 18, dies 'from cardiac arrest' 
Madison Beer stuns at iHeartRadio Awards as she flaunts cleavage and slender legs in revealing white dress
Taylor Swift parades her long legs in purple sequined romper while Katy Perry rocks retro plaid number on the iHeartRadio Awards 2019 red carpet
Louis Tomlinson pulls out of Comic Relief performance dedicated to his late mother following his sister Félicité's death 'from cardiac arrest'
SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Erin O'Connor, 43, reveals she has given birth to a baby boy named Eddie - after she walked down the runway eight months pregnant 
Alexandra Cane looks sensational at beauty bash amid claims she kissed Dan Osborne... as her estate agent beau 'forgives her' 
Stacey Solomon stuns in black one-shoulder gown as boyfriend Joe Swash cradles her blossoming baby bump at Stand Up To Cancer Gala
Rachel Riley reveals she's learning Russian for Strictly boyfriend Pasha Kovalev and opens up on 'shocking' antisemitism social media backlash
Heidi Klum goes wild while Poppy and Tiffany Young show their quirky side as  outrageous fashion has its moment at iHeartRadio Awards
Elle Fanning dazzles in daring  blush and silver hued gown at iHeartRadio Awards 2019
Halsey and rumored beau Yungblud pose up separately at iHeartRadio Awards... as she wins Fangirls Award
Bebe Rexha classes it up in a black suit and eye-catching hat at the iHeartRadio Music Awards
Gemma Collins and James Argent pack on the PDA as they make JOINT appearance after his public apology
Dan Osborne SLAMS reports he kissed Love Island's Alexandra Cane behind wife Jacqueline Jossa's back in defiant Instagram video
Jesy Nelson slips her incredible curves into a leather bra in sensual snap... after Chris Hughes admits she leaves him SPEECHLESS
TV star reveals she 'wants to have an IVF baby with an anonymous sperm donor after a series of failed romances'
Ralph Fiennes admits he almost TURNED DOWN the role of Lord Voldemort in Harry Potter and reveals he was considered to play James Bond
Looking for flawless, Insta-ready skin? This is the high-coverage make-up that beauty experts can't get enough of (and it really works!)
TOWIE's Dan Edgar confirms his split from Amber Turner AGAIN after Valentine's Day date... as he admits 'it's a relief' she's not returning to show      
Zara McDermott advises Georgia Steel to introduce new man to her PARENTS after just THREE dates... as she crops up on Celebs Go Dating 
'There goes the knighthood!': Jack Whitehall 'absolutely died' after hearing Prince Charles say he wasn't impressed by his 'terrible' stand-up gig
SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: The axe factor for Robbie Williams as council cuts down the trees on the singer's 17th century country estate
Garth Brooks keeps things casual as he heads into iHeartRadio Awards with wife Trisha Yearwood
Kacey Musgraves flaunts her gorgeous gams in a tiered mini dress on the iHeartRadio Awards 2019 red carpet
Blink-182's Travis Barker poses on the red carpet with his teenage kids at iHeartRadio Awards
BAZ BAMIGBOYE: Ralph Fiennes wins access to the hallowed Rembrandt room for his film about a Russian ballet star's defection to the West
Who do they think they are kidding? New cast recreate 'lost' episodes of Dad's Army with striking resemblance to the classic 1970s line-up
Kady McDermott and Myles Barnett are casual in tracksuits at Heathrow Airport as they go on their second holiday in TWO weeks
Wendy Williams shrugs off Howard Stern's cruel jibe about her looking like 'E.T. in a wig' as she relaxes in her $300K Rolls-Royce
Sophie Turner and fiancé Joe Jonas shoot hoops on sweet date at basketball court 
RHOA's NeNe Leakes ends friendship with Cynthia Bailey after accusing co-star of shady behavior in upcoming season finale
Justin Bieber gets vitamin shot on solo outing in LA after admitting struggle with depression has left him 'feeling super disconnected'
Jersey Shore's Vinny Guadagnino and DJ Pauly D land new reality show... where 20 women will compete for their hearts
Normani shows off taut stomach and toned legs in two-piece dress with thigh-high split for Tonight Show performance
Catelynn Lowell and Tyler Baltierra's daughter was to be named Tezlee... but they changed to Vaeda after My Girl character at last moment
Rachel Zoe is returning to TV with new fashion design reality show... six years after Bravo series was cancelled
'Hope you like the sex offenders registry... we have your DNA': Iggy Azalea goes to the police after she is sent a vial of semen in the mail
Gogglebox cast react with horror to Michael Jackson abuse documentary Leaving Neverland - as they slam the parents of accusers Wade Robson and James Safechuck
Rod Stewart, 74, packs on the PDA with wife Penny Lancaster, 47, as he rocks two different tweed flat caps during the Cheltenham Festival
'Devastated' Louis Tomlinson pays tribute to his 'caring, bright and beautiful' sister Felicite, 18, as she dies suddenly 'from cardiac arrest'
Scarred by tragedy: Louis Tomlinson's close-knit family reel for second devastating time soon after death of their mother from blood cancer at 43 
SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Erin O'Connor, 43, reveals she has given birth to a baby boy after she walked the runway eight months pregnant 
iHeartRadio Awards 2019: Halsey kicks off star-studded music ceremony with rumored new beau Yungblud
Amal Clooney joins Prince's Trust charity as a figurehead for the first global youth campaign... with Prince Charles finding her 'deeply impressive' 
Kristina Rihanoff cuts a glamorous figure in blue jumpsuit with plunging neckline as she cosies up to Ben Cohen at charity gala
Gemma Collins and James Argent look smitten and pack on the PDA as they host fundraising evening together following brief split
Anonymous TV star reveals she wants to have an IVF baby with a sperm donor after a series of failed romances 
Kim Kardashian shows off her peachy posterior and extravagant closet in new Instagram post
Steven Tyler, 70, plants kiss on dazzling girlfriend Aimee Preston, 30, at iHeartRadio Awards
Lily James cuts an elegant figure in faux fur coat as she signs autographs for fans after performing in All About Eve on the West End  
BAZ BAMIGBOYE: Why Petula Clark's popping back to the West End at the age of 86 as the performer heads uptown for the first time in 22 years 
Leigh-Anne Pinnock rocks an all-sports ensemble for date night with Andre Gray in Mayfair... as her footballer beau gets a parking ticket  
Zara McDermott admits she misses her 'old work' after quitting job as a civil servant following Love Island fame
Alex Trebek thanks fans who wished him well in wake of pancreatic cancer diagnosis during his return to Jeopardy
Shay Mitchell looks like a Taylor Swift doppelgänger with her platinum wig and sparkling mirror outfit at the iHeartRadio Music Awards
Vanderpump Rules star Scheana Shay puts curves on display in navy blue minidress at iHeartRadio Awards
Nikki Sanderson cuts a stylish figure in camel coat as she enjoys night on the town with boyfriend Greg Whitehurst
BRIAN VINER: This story of Cornish fishermen is a bit corny, but its heart and sole and will soon reel you in
Harry Redknapp cosies up to beloved wife Sandra as they party with Mark Wright and Michelle Keegan in London
Kendall Jenner goes wild in snakeskin trousers as she makes another stylish appearance in Paris
Comic Relief 2019: Lenny Henry pays tribute to Louis Tomlinson's late sister Félicité, 18, after former One Direction star pulls out of TV appearance
Jacqueline Jossa points to her wedding ring in cryptic Instagram post after 'dumping Dan Osborne' amid Alexandra Cane kiss claims
Comic Relief 2019: One Red Nose Day And A Wedding delights with emotional scenes... Mamma Mia! sequel parody gets hilarious response
Simon Thomas makes his first public appearance with girlfriend Derrina Jebb at Cheltenham... 16 months after losing his wife to cancer aged 40
Billie Faiers gazes at husband Greg Shepherd as they return from the Maldives... and head to the newsagents to check out their wedding magazine spread 
Comic Relief 2019: Keeley Hawes RETURNS from the dead in Bodyguard spoof... as Richard Madden jokes about getting his 'GLOCK' out
Meet the TOWIE 2019 line-up: First look at the eight reality stars about to join the show after mass cull saw 10 cast members dropped from the ITVBe series 
Victoria Beckham claims she is a 'self-diagnosed dyslexic' and says her children also struggle with learning difficulties
The Great British Bake Off signs a huge two-year deal with Channel 4 and the baking show will be on air until at least 2021 
Melanie Sykes, 48, sets pulses racing as she showcases her toned figure in a TINY racy leopard print bikini and matching kimono 
The Bachelor UK winner Alicia Oates showcases her derriere in thong swimsuit in Tenerife... amid controversy over Alex Marks choosing her 
Lisa Armstrong's fans urge her to go on Celebs Go Dating and think she would be perfect for the fun E4 dating show
Katie Holmes heads off for a glorious weekend getaway with daughter Suri... following word of Jamie Foxx split
Coronation Street actor Gareth Berliner is rushed to hospital with sepsis as he reveals he has been put in isolation in candid post
Louis Tomlinson's showbiz friends James Corden and Olly Murs lead the celebrity tributes to his sister Félicité as she dies suddenly aged just 18
Comic Relief 2019: Zoe Ball is praised by viewers as she addresses powerful male suicide segment after her late partner took his own life
Comic Relief 2019: Shirley Ballas recalls the heartbreak of her brother's suicide and believes 'he would still be here today if he had someone to talk to'
Kevin Clifton denies Louise Redknapp romance rumours as he insists he has 'NEVER' dated any of his Strictly Come Dancing partners
Gogglebox refuses to show controversial Michael Jackson documentary Leaving Neverland to the programme's cast
Comic Relief 2019: Dani Dyer jokes climbing Mount Kilimanjaro climb is better than winning Love Island with boyfriend Jack Fincham
Comic Relief 2019: Viewers left in stitches as Johnny Vegas gatecrashes Magic Mike performance in London and proudly shows off his 'six pack'
Gemma Collins shows off her Dancing On Ice weight loss in a colourful zig zag kimono in a giddy snap after brief split from James Argent 
Candice Swanepoel takes Carnival by storm in blinged out bra top and black bob wig as parties with pals in throwbacks from Brazilian festival
Charlotte Dawson flaunts tattoo tribute to her late father Les as she stands out in yellow on a night out in Manchester with her mother Tracy 
Kim Kardashian continues her good deeds as she asks fans to help her find a rental for reformed criminal... and she'll even be paying his rent 
William turns to Philip for advice: Duke of Cambridge sought his grandfather's 'wise counsel' on decision to split his household from Harry's 
Jack Fincham reveals he loves his 'soulmate' Dani Dyer 'to death' as he shares a sweet snap of the couple on Instagram
Victoria on the brink: Queen fears for her throne as the hit series returns - and to cap it all, says Jenna Coleman, she's pregnant again
Reese Witherspoon looks stylish in a grey puffer vest as she keeps fit by going for a morning jog with a friend
J.K Rowling confirms Dumbledore and Grindelwald were in a 'passionate' and 'intense' relationship that had a 'sexual dimension'
JEREMY PAXMAN: How I got a stuffing on Celebrity Bake Off: Broadcaster reveals how his lemon drizzle cake efforts spelled doom for any hope of a new career 
Dan Osborne moves back into family home a day after being 'dumped and thrown out by wife Jacqueline Jossa'... as he SLAMS claims he kissed Alexandra Cane 
Emily Ratajkowski shows off some major cleavage as she goes braless in racy blazer and trousers set for stroll in NYC
Paris Hilton dazzles in gold and black embellished dress as she reunites with former BFF contestants in London
Future of Michael Jackson West End musical Thriller Live is thrown into doubt after Prince's Trust cuts ties with show following Leaving Neverland 
New project? Bradley Cooper has lunch with his Silver Linings Playbook director David O. Russell in Los Angeles
Chris Pratt picks up his son Jack from school as fiancée Katherine Schwarzenegger holds on to six-year-old's hand crossing the street
PLATELL'S PEOPLE: Can't Harry and Wills be brothers in arms forever?
Soulja Boy released from jail hours after he was arrested on probation violation... and rapper says he's going to perform at the Clippers game
Heather Locklear looks in good spirits as she grabs lunch with pal in casual dress... weeks after claims she reconciled with ex Chris Heisser
R Kelly married Aaliyah, then 15, after getting her pregnant and lied about her age to protect himself until she had an abortion  claims ex
Demi Lovato reflects on relapse and overdose on what would have been her seven-year sobriety anniversary
Christine McGuinness cuts a casual figure as she slips her sensational curves into skintight cut-out gym leggings as she steps out in Cheshire
Wes Nelson spotted 'kissing' a mystery brunette in a Manchester club... after 'BEGGING ex Megan Barton Hanson to take him back'
Eva Longoria says she is 'having the best day' as she celebrates her 44th birthday with kisses from son Santiago
Joanna Lumley and her husband composer Stephen Barlow are awarded honorary doctorates by the University of Chester
Soapwatch: Jaci Stephen's ultimate insight into this week's soaps as Coronation Street's Rana gets upset after receiving a wedding gift 
Actress Asher Keddie cuddles up to Kylie Minogue during a sweet reunion in Melbourne... after becoming friends on the set of film Swinging Safari in 2017
Kyle Massey is 'sued for sexual misconduct' by 13-year-old girl who claims 'he sent her explicit photos'
Does Kate have a rural rival? Friends claim Duchess of Cambridge is battling against Marquess of Cholmondeley's ex-model wife Rose
Kristin Cavallari and her husband Jay Cutler enjoy the rides at Disneyland during fun-filled outing with their kids
Jenna Dewan is super chic in a white ensemble as she steps out after treating herself to a pampering session at the salon 
U2 are after FOUR '$10,000 a night' mansions in Australia for their tour... as Sir Elton John's hunt for a Sydney rental 'is proving difficult' ahead of his concerts 
Vernon Kay looks impossibly dapper in a black suit as he joins Ronan Keating and Theo Paphitis at the star-studded Comic Relief Gala in London 
Bradley Cooper looks the picture of happiness with Irina Shayk and daughter Lea... as they dispel rumours of strife following Lady Gaga cheating allegations
Leigh-Anne Pinnock breaks down in tears as she reveals the abuse she suffered at the hands of racist trolls in the early days of Little Mix
Melissa McCarthy and her husband Ben Falcone coordinate in denim as they go casual during low-key outing in Los Angeles
New TOWIE stars are spotted filming in Essex as they prepare to join long-standing cast on the new series...after TEN stars were axed from the show 
Armie Hammer's glamorous daughter Harper cuddles mom Elizabeth Chambers as the two sport matching dresses for sweet shoot
Melinda Messenger's First Dates ex Chris Harding says he 'won't have a bad word said about her' as he shares update on 'heartbreaking' split 
Scarlett Moffatt throws her support behind Red Nose Day as she sports charity T-shirt and red ankle boots as she travels to London    
Comic Relief: Stacey Dooley receives support for 'white saviour' trip to Africa but show bosses edit out controversial clip of her holding a black child
Meghan and Harry's right-hand woman has spun for Left-wing royalty: Adviser has political pedigree after working for Tony Blair, the Obamas and the Clintons 
Dumbo flies again! Everything you need to know about Disney's £90million blockbuster after original flying baby elephant melted hearts 
Musician Dan Sultan, 34, credits fiancée Bronnie Jane Lee for his recovery from alcohol addiction... nine months after a disastrous gig landed him in rehab
Nicole Kidman sports cream turtleneck and denim bottoms while on the set of the HBO series The Undoing in NYC
When it works! Jaden Smith, 20, dons the same edgy trousers, hooded jumper and neon orange beanie for the second day in a row while in Australia
Karlie Kloss reveals she is still close to Taylor Swift... even though the singer admitted in her Elle essay she had to 'leave behind' friendships
Teresa Giudice says her father is 'always by my side' as they pose in NYC... while waiting to hear if her husband Joe will be deported to Italy
James Gandolfini's son Michael visits famous booth from The Sopranos finale as his Sopranos prequel gets new title and 2020 release
Felicity Huffman holds tight to William H Macy while couple returns to court ahead of trial with actress facing five years in prison for college cheating scandal
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, 31, and fiancé Jason Statham, 51, put on a loved-up display as they enjoy a family day with their toddler son Jack
Felicity Huffman QUITS social media after being roasted mercilessly for her arrest over shocking college admissions cheating scandal
Sophie Ellis-Bextor breastfeeds her nine-week old baby son Mickey during her appearance on Chris Evans' breakfast radio show
Joanne Froggatt teases details about new Downton Abbey film and promises it will feature everything fans loved about the TV show
Jennifer Lopez flaunts her sculpted body in a sports bra and leggings while fiance Alex Rodriguez covers up in sweats for gym session in Miami
Benedict Cumberbatch goes for a dip in freezing cold waters for Comic Relief as he is joined by Noel Fielding who watches on in warm coat
'I question do I want a sex change?' Sam Smith details 'the war in his body and mind' and declares he's 'neither male or female' in chat about sexuality
Nicki Minaj cancels THIRD gig: Rapper pulls out of Dublin concert after weather delays equipment amid disastrous European tour
Emily Ratajkowski looks sensational as she poses in lingerie for new Inamorata images... after defending herself against body-shamers
Game of Thrones season 8 episode runtimes revealed... with three of the six episodes over 80 minutes long
Mila Kunis wears disposable flip-flops and she carries her shoes in a plastic bag after getting a pedicure during a pampering session
TOWIE EXCLUSIVE: Shelby Tribble feels 'disrespected' by Sam Mucklow following their Thailand fling and says he's 'ruined' their friendship
Blink 182's Travis Barker says he 'loves' Kourtney Kardashian 'to death'... but dismisses any romance rumours between the pair 
Brian Austin Green responds after fan criticizes him for not publicly paying tribute to his late Beverly Hills 90210 cast mate Luke Perry
Kate Garraway reveals she is desperately trying to contact her family in New Zealand after multiple mosque attacks
Guardians Of The Galaxy's sacked director James Gunn re-hired by Disney to helm third film
Priyanka Chopra struts around in black crop top and boots after rolling up to meeting in $200K Maybach given to her by Nick Jonas 
Louis Tomlinson's late sister Félicité apologised to fans for being 'gone too long' in poignant final tweet... a month before suffering a heart attack at 18
Coleen Rooney proudly watches son Kai, nine, follow in dad Wayne's footballer footsteps at a training session in Washington D.C.
Luisa Zissman sizzles in TINY orange geometric bikini as she soaks up the sun on Barbados break
Kendall Jenner cuts a stylish figure in turtle-neck jumper and shades as she carries large bouquet of flowers during trip to Paris 
EXCLUSIVE: Stars of Queen film dish about a sequel to the Oscar-winning blockbuster after the movie 'barely scratched the surface', 
Lauren Goodger breaks her strict diet with a 'needed' KFC after a long day of getting her hair done 
Erin O'Connor, 41, announces the birth of baby son Eddie as she says 'it's about time we share our precious little Buddha with you'
Jennifer Lawrence is effortlessly chic as she cradles her pup Pippi in New York ... after a night out with fiance Cooke Maroney 
One Red Nose Day And A Wedding: Hugh Grant anxiously waits at the church with Kristin Scott Thomas in new teaser clip
Myleene Klass accentuates her blossoming baby bump in chic black dress and leather jacket as she leaves Global Radio Studios
Glastonbury 2019: Miley Cyrus reveals she's 'excited as f**k' to perform as she joins The Killers and The Cure in the highly-anticipated line-up 
Killing Eve's Jodie Comer oozes glamour in a beaded pearl black dress for Broadcasting Press Guild Awards
EXCLUSIVE: Lori Loughlin's daughter caught in ANOTHER cheating scandal after claims a show was rigged in her favor and winner stripped of $5K
Coco Austin, 39, and Ice-T, 61, get his-and-her nail treatments at New Jersey salon as they leave daughter Chanel at home with nanny
Lori Loughlin used to be 'a competitive parent that liked to show off' but now she has 'lost a lot of friends' after crushing college scandal
College co-fled: Lori Loughlin's daughter Olivia Jade skipped her first week of classes at USC and flew to Fiji while gloating about her island vacation 
John Stamos posts cute video of son 'for those who need a good smile right now'... after his Fuller House co-star Lori Loughlin is caught in scandal
Katie Price puts on a busty display as she shares cosy selfie with toyboy Kris Boyson in Thailand... after she skips court hearing because of her trip
The Bachelor UK viewers are divided as Alex Marks picks controversial Alicia Oates as WINNER and demand to know if pair are still together
TOWIE's Shelby Tribble RAGES as she finds out Sam Mucklow has been flirting with newbie Demi Sims in first look at explosive new series  
'So many unanswered questions!' Cheat viewers spot a MAJOR flaw in Rose's shock confession... while others rage over her brief prison sentence 
Jamie-Lynn Sigler reveals how Multiple Sclerosis impacts her life as a mother... and says she hired a nanny to do the 'fun things' she can't
Teresa Giudice's sister-in-law Melissa Gorga says the star is 'being strong' after husband Joe's release from prison as he faces deportation to Italy
Lily-Rose Depp in handcuffs as she and co-star Armie Hammer are seen for the first time filming opioid-epidemic thriller Dreamland
Demi Lovato keeps a fresh face while treating herself to some makeup... following split from Henri Levy
Binky Felstead sports a microscopic black bikini as she spends the day on a Maldivian private island... but admits she's missing her 'little angel' India
Ashley Graham created her own swimwear line because she couldn't find 'sexy' and 'supportive' bikinis in her size
Paris Jackson says 'it's not my role' to defend Michael against child rape claims, with heir to his estate adding that she is 'tryna get everyone to chill out'
Lily Allen swills Champagne, sticks her tongue out at the crowds and puffs a vape before placing her bets at star-studded Cheltenham Races
Carol Vorderman turns heads in a chic white pencil skirt and matching coat as she continues her style run at Cheltenham
EastEnders star Jack Ryder sends fans wild with his suave grey look in Holby City... 16 years after Jamie Mitchell's tear-jerking death
Shaun Ryder admits he kicked his drug and party lifestyle because he didn't want to 'embarrass his kids' and says he was '40 acting like an 18-year-old'
Richard Hammond looks dapper as he grapples with his umbrella while trying to keep his wife Mindy and daughters out of the rain at Cheltenham
Made In Chelsea's Olivia Bentley cuts a chic figure as she cosies up to beau Digby Edgley at Cheltenham after confirming their romance is back on
Kelly Brook looks fierce in a tiger-print dress as she is joined by dapper beau Jeremy Parisi on her way to Heart FM
Jacqueline Jossa dons plunging suit for defiant snap after 'dumping husband Dan Osborne'... as he SLAMS reports he kissed Alexandra Cane
Pregnant Stacey Solomon says she's 'curious' about having a baby girl with beau Joe Swash... as she hits back at the 'Essex girl' stereotype
Male friend of Louis Tomlinson's sister, 18, pays tribute to his 'pain twin' after she dies from 'heart attack' as police prepare to carry out toxicology tests on her body 
Danielle Lloyd shows off her 'massive' 20lb weight loss as she poses in her underwear ahead of her imminent wedding to Michael O'Neill
Barbara Palvin says becoming Victoria's Secret's newest Angel is the 'ultimate career high' after beau Dylan Sprouse congratulates her
Victoria's Secret vet Alessandra Ambrosio launches GAL Floripa swimwear with her sister and best friend
Julia Roberts claims 90s escort movie 'has too many holes in it'... and admits she was reluctant to star in box-office smash Notting Hill
Game Of Thrones star Nikolaj Coster-Waldau reveals there are 'very few happy endings' but he insists season eight isn't a 'complete downer'
Netflix FINALLY agrees to remove real-life footage of deadly Lac-Mégantic train disaster from Sandra Bullock hit Bird Box
Irina Shayk reveals her lithe supermodel frame in tiny lingerie for sizzling new Intimissimi campaign 
Tina Malone steps out to host a pub quiz in Liverpool.... one day after avoiding jail for sharing 'an image of James Bulger's killer Jon Venables'
Kate Beckinsale and Milo Ventimiglia share a steamy kiss as her 'secret lover' James Corden hides in hilarious The Late, Late Show soap opera spoof 
Val Kilmer, 59, masks the remnants of his trachea surgery with jaunty neckerchief at San Diego screening
Kelsey Grammer discusses his hopes for a Frasier reboot but admits that no-one has picked it up yet as the cast continue 'shopping for the right idea'
Courteney Cox, 54, puts on a stylish display as she pairs skinny jeans with leather slingbacks for date night with beau Johnny McDaid, 42
Strictly's Karen Clifton looks stylish in a floral midi dress as she can't keep her eyes off beau David Webb at The Magic Flute opening night 
Chloe Ferry's beau Sam Gowland puts on a VERY cheeky display as he cups her busty lace bralet during night out
Coronation Street SPOILER: Gemma Winter to be DUMPED by beau Chesney Brown after he throws her out on the streets
Luke Perry's body 'has been cremated and his ashes have been scattered on his beloved farm in Tennessee'
Kourtney Kardashian cuts a relaxed figure in a sweatshirt and leggings as she steps out with a pal in LA
Vanessa Hudgens nails her off-duty style in a bright yellow shirt and jeans as she steps out in sunny Hollywood
Kyle Richards puts on a happy face as she drips in diamonds while leaving LA event... after husband is sued over $32m Malibu mansion
Obsessed dad Drake 'FaceTimes his son Adonis daily, shows friends snaps everyday and gets on swimmingly with porn star baby mama Sophie Brussaux'
Lupita Nyong'o reveals 'nobody would look them in the eye' on set when she and her co-stars played the terrifying doppelgänger family in Us
Chance the Rapper beams while sharing his first dance with new wife Kirsten Corley in video from their lavish wedding
'Loved up' Princess Beatrice and Edoardo Mozzi spark engagement rumours with insiders predicting announcement before Christmas
Revealed: How Meghan loves to wear head-to-toe outfits by the SAME designer - and it could all be down to her stylist and BFF Jessica Mulroney
Secrets of Charles' love for the Queen Mother: Prince reminded his grandmother of her 'insecure' husband George VI
Sweden's King Carl Gustaf, 72, shows off his VERY impressive dance moves while waiting to greet guests for an official government dinner
Keira Knightley reveals her favourite sex scene was in 2007's Atonement with James McAvoy because it was 'choreographed within an inch of its life'
Love Island's Adam Collard breaks his silence on rumours his ex Zara McDermott is dating Olly Murs and says he still 'loves her to bits' 
Nicole Scherzinger shows off her incredible figure in a nude PVC gown as she attends 2019 iHeartRadio Music Awards
Taylor Swift likes tweet calling Kanye West's infamous naked celebrity sculptures 'revenge porn'  
Glastonbury 2019: The Killers and The Cure announced as final headline acts for the iconic music festival
Kristen Stewart keeps her cropped hair soaking wet as she cuts a casual figure in revealing white crop top
Saoirse Ronan gets hit by massive waves as she films in the sea for lesbian drama Ammonite... after family of the fossil pioneer slammed the film
Katy Perry and Zedd coordinate in pattern as they present an award at the iHeart Music Awards 2019
Alicia Keys jokes  son Genesis, four, is flirting with Taylor Swift as tot can't takes his eyes off the superstar at iHeartRadio Awards
Halsey narrowly avoids a NIP SLIP during her iHeartRadio Awards performance with rumored beau Yungblud
Ariana Grande performs Needy as she wins Female Artist Of The Year at 2019 iHeartRadio Awards... a month after pulling out of the Grammys
Kenny Goss shows his support for ex George Michael at singer's art auction... two years after his tragic death
George Clooney confesses he is a HUGE prankster... as he reveals he tricked a housekeeper into thinking he ate from his baby's DIRTY NAPPY
Angelina Jolie embraces her style icon status in a black camisole and matching leggings as she heads into a meeting in Beverly Hills
Krysten Ritter shows off her baby bump in a polka dot mini-dress after announcing she was pregnant with her first child at the Oscars 
Karlie Kloss dazzles in deeply-plunging jumpsuit as she joins PVC-clad Katie Holmes at star-studded Neiman Marcus party
Eva Longoria sports a low-key look in a padded jacket and gym leggings as she touches down in LA
Famke Janssen, 54, wears red mini dress to fashion bash... after she was branded 'unrecognisable' with wrinkle-free skin and plumped cheeks
Jamie Foxx joins daughter Corinne at the iHeartRadio Music Awards... after sparking Katie Holmes split rumours by saying he's 'single'
Rihanna shows off stylish braids while rocking oversized white shirt and blingy rings for Santa Monica dinner 
Nicki Minaj's criminal boyfriend Kenneth Petty 'pleads guilty to driving on suspended license'
Jason Sudeikis reveals he had a 'full blown crush' on Ellen in college while guest hosting her show
Jennifer Garner is in high spirits as she enjoys girls' night at Giorgio Baldi after ex Ben Affleck admitted they disagree on co-parenting 
Denise Richards exudes glamour in low-key ensemble as she and husband Aaron Phypers are inseparable during date night
Sophia Bush glams up a striped knit dress with a $5,000 Fendi bag and white heeled boots as she heads to dinner at Craig's
Nina Agdal looks elegant in a classic belted black dress as she attended the Uniqlo launch in New York
Halsey delivers emotional and empowering speech at the iHeartRadio Music Awards accepting Fangirls award
 iHeartRadio Awards 2019: Alicia Keys' son Egypt, eight, wins over crowd as he dances and plays piano on stage with mom... before Taylor Swift thanks fans
Chris Pratt sings with Garth Brooks on stage at iHeartRadio Awards after honoring country music star as Artist of the Decade
The Bachelor's Colton Underwood and Cassie Randolph enjoy their first 'official' date with a performance of Frozen on Broadway
Halle Berry, 52, oozes casual chic in aviator-themed onesie as she steps out in Beverly Hills
Twerking on a hearse, a gruesome car accident and a very racy funeral: Iggy Azalea is back with her most bizarre and controversial video ever
Taylor Swift makes special appearance as she accepts Tour of the Year at 2019 iHeartRadio Awards and praises fans: 'I honestly owe everything to you' 
Alicia Keys emphasizes self-acceptance as she collects the iHeartRadio Innovator award: 'You're remembered because you're different'
Louis Tomlinson's late sister Félicité is remembered as a 'best friend and inspiration' by long-time pal Yungblud in emotional post
Rita Ora shows off her saucy new nude lingerie after expressing shock at finding out she was wearing the wrong bra size for years
TOWIE EXCLUSIVE: Courtney Green scoffs at Kady McDermott's 'bitter' jibe and says she's relieved Myles Barnett has left after 'humiliating' her
Demi Lovato looks happy and healthy during low-key outing in Beverly Hills after candidly reflecting on struggles with substance abuse
Megan Barton Hanson blasts 'shocking' troll who 'shamed her for gaining weight and for wearing too much makeup'
Ellie Goulding puts on extremely animated display as she skips around during casual stroll in Central Park
Billie Faiers and new husband Greg Shepherd are reunited with their children Nelly and Arthur for fun day out after Maldives honeymoon
Lily Allen reveals the #MeToo movement 'needs to make a bigger impact as people are sensationalising tales of sexual abuse and no one is reacting'
Sophie Gradon inquest HALTED: Probe into death of 32-year-old Love Island star at her Newcastle home is paused - after family receive fresh information
Comic Relief viewers are left in shock over how different Keane's singer Tom Chaplin looks from the band's heyday as they gush over his appearance
'We don't want to let daddy down': Victoria Beckham says sons Brooklyn and Romeo worried about quitting football - and reveals her own fears about turning 45
David Walliams looks untypically low-key in an all-black tracksuit as he takes a leisurely stroll with new puppy Ernie
Victoria Beckham shows off her incredible abs in scanty sports bra as she continues to plug her exercise gear in VERY saucy snaps  
Kylie Jenner oozes sex appeal as she shows off her tiny waist in a clingy cut-out black jumpsuit during night out in LA
Myleene Klass highlights her blossoming bump in a pretty floral dress as she heads to Global Radio Studios in London
The Bachelor UK's Alex Marks and Alicia Oates prove they are still together during smitten night out... despite her branding him a 'grade A t***' in now-deleted post
Kim Kardashian reveals landlords REJECTED lease application of released prisoner whose rent she offered to cover for five years because of his criminal record 
Stacey Solomon reveals she WILL take maternity leave ahead of birth of her third child... despite shunning the idea for fear of not getting paid 
Helen Hunt, 55, puts on sunscreen to protect her youthful complexion as she enjoys fun day out with daughter Makena at theme park
'Sometimes I shave half of my head, I'm so confused by myself': Jaden Smith admits that some of his style choices are bizarre even to him
Kris Boyson brands girlfriend Katie Price 'family' amid claims he 'brought an engagement ring with him to Thailand to propose'
Casey Batchelor displays her jaw-dropping four stone weight loss in sexy black bikini as she frolics on the beach in Tenerife
Katharine McPhee shows off her toned physique as she poses in just a bra with her befuddled 'old lady' chihuahua
TOWIE's Shelby Tribble showcases her incredible physique in a leopard-print bikini as she tops up her tan during a break from filming in Thailand
Love at first port! TV star Fern Britton shares her favourite places to visit in Cornwall and its hidden haunts, from Rick Stein's restaurant to a secret cove
Nicole Scherzinger sets pulses racing as she poses in an off-the-shoulder bodysuit for a sexy photo shoot
Charlotte Crosby suffers wardrobe malfunction as a gust of wind blows up her VERY short dress while she joins Sophie Kasaei at pal's engagement
Vogue Williams nails her off-duty style in a shaggy white coat and billowing red dress for casual stroll with baby son Theodore
Brooklyn Beckham cuts a trendy figure as he's joined by his model girlfriend Hana Cross for shopping trip in London
Jennifer Lopez flaunts her famous posterior in form-fitting trousers as she boards fiancé Alex Rodriguez's private jet...after THOSE cheating rumours
Elizabeth Hurley, 53, oozes glamour in a shimmering silver gown as she enjoys a night out in Mayfair
Princess Eugenie and Jack Brooksbank look effortlessly stylish as they hold hands during Mayfair night out
AnnaLynne McCord goes braless beneath plunging black tuxedo dress as she joins leggy sister Rachel at Las Vegas bar opening
Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry goes braless as she slips her surgically enhanced figure into fitted tee for date night with beau Sam Gowland
Mel B heads to mediation with Lorraine Gilles alongside supportive daughter Phoenix... after ex-nanny filed lawsuit against singer
Reese Witherspoon laughs off tabloid headline that suggests she and Jennifer Garner are pregnant: 'Can we raise our imaginary babies together?'
'My heart breaks': Chris Hemsworth and Russell Crowe lead celebrity tributes to the New Zealand terror attack in moving posts
Kourtney Kardashian pairs white lace top with coordinating denim and a choker for studio visit in LA
Kylie Jenner shows off her 'baby girl' Stormi while decked out in Astroworld sweatpants in sweet Instagram pic 
Rita Ora rocks plunging pink ensemble as she teams up with Sofia Reyes for Mexican star's new music video R.I.P.
Kristin Cavallari exudes glamour as she parades her sensational figure in asymmetric mini with tulle details at magazine launch party
Eva Mendes exudes effortless charm in striped wrap dress as she checks out her new collection at New York & Company
Halle Berry's ex Olivier Martinez shares motorcycle with Michelle Rodriguez after lunch date in LA
Lady Gaga delivers Frank Sinatra standards during surprise performance at jazz club in Hollywood
Destroyer director reveals she was surprised by Nicole Kidman's grace and had to transform the refined star for her gritty role in the violent thriller
Cara Delevingne and girlfriend Ashley Benson ditch their shoes as the couple leave a friend's house while barefoot
Back to nature! Chris Hemsworth and Elsa Pataky enjoy an 'incredible trip' to Australia... where they slept in tents, had little water, and NO phone signal or wifi
Aaron Paul proves to be every inch the family man during the world premiere of his new thriller The Parts You Lose at the 2019 Sun Valley Festival
Kate Beckinsale looks lovely as she models a feminine twist on traditional menswear for a day out in LA
Kim Zolciak-Biermann plans a 40th birthday party reunion with her estranged brother while daughter Brielle moves out in Don't Be Tardy
He's a good sport! Arnold Schwarzenegger, 71, greets fans at bodybuilding festival in Melbourne
Joseph Gordon-Levitt and rapper Logic premiere their inspiring collaborative film Band Together With Logic at SXSW
Ezra Miller is penning a darker Flash script with comics sage Grant Morrison amid creative battle
Inside Olivia Jade's former college dorm kitted out by Amazon: How admissions cheat influencer partnered with tech giant and showed off her furnished student digs 
'In shock and trying to come to terms with this': Megan McKenna breaks her silence over ex Mike Thalassitis' death as she sends 'thoughts' to his family 
Channing Tatum and Jessie J put on a loved-up display as they make a low-key arrival at Heathrow airport... before bumping into Billy Ocean
Montana Brown breaks down in tears as she reveals Mike Thalassitis was dealing with a 'lack of work and a big tax bill' and says she's 'kicking herself' for not replying to his last text 
Rochelle Humes shares rare snap with her lookalike sisters as fans are left convinced they are triplets
Gogglebox's Chris Ashby-Steed 'was suicidal' after leaving the show amid row with co-star Stephen Webb... as he SLAMS reality show after-care
How to get your glow back without the fuss: 5 hacks to giving yourself a boost (without hours of preening and pampering!)
Strictly's Karen Clifton tears up as she reveals she was turned away from barbers 'because she is a woman'
David Seaman and wife Frankie Poultney say they still love working out together, 11 years after finding love on Dancing On Ice
Chloe Green PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Heiress is spotted with Jeremy Meeks for FIRST TIME since split claims as they 'show no sign of strain' in Thailand
Love Island's Georgia Harrison is attacked for using bikini snap to raise awareness for mental health following co-star Mike Thalassitis' death
Billie Faiers displays her sensational figure in floral swimwear as she and husband Greg Shepherd share throwback snaps from idyllic Maldives honeymoon 
Love Island's Zara McDermott catches the eye in teeny-tiny bikinis as she poses with a volleyball during tropical getaway
Stephanie Pratt shows off her sizzling abs and lithe limbs in a strappy black bikini as she soaks up the sun on Hawaii beach break 
Danny Jones' wife Georgia Horsley discusses not having sex for a year, not bonding with son Cooper and feeling like she'd made a 'mistake' 
Spring is a great time for change! Here's 8 clever ways to transform your home
Coronation Street's Connie Hyde 'to make shock exit after the soap's horror Underworld roof collapse'
Hailey Baldwin makes a splash in a pink bikini as she and shirtless Justin Bieber happily hit the beach one day after they were seen locked in a tense argument
Kendall Jenner puts on a cheeky display in leopard-print bikini as she pals around with Kourtney Kardashian 
Priyanka Chopra looks like a dream in cream as she bundles up in stylish sweatsuit and trench coat
Ewan McGregor and girlfriend Mary Elizabeth Winstead make a rare outing together as they enjoy romantic dinner in LA
Pssst! We unwrap the hidden locations EVERYONE needs to visit this year
Aisleyne Horgan-Wallace posts selfie holding a knife as she reveals she suffered a PTSD attack after her home was burgled for the third time in a year
Ashley James calls troll a 'c***' after they criticise her 'cellulite' in bikini snap as she vows to embrace her 'sexy, God-given dimples' on Maldives trip
Katie Price keeps a low profile as she returns to UK amid claims boyfriend Kris Boyson 'took ring with him to Thailand to propose'
Amy Schumer reveals husband Chris Fischer has autism spectrum disorder but adds the symptoms made her fall 'madly in love' with him
Jennifer Lopez bundles up in a black coat with green fur trim for gym session with sister Lynda in New York
Blac Chyna wishes ex Rob Kardashian Happy Birthday after daughter Dream threw dad St. Patrick's Day-themed birthday party
TOWIE's Chloe Sims, 36, and Dan Edgar, 28, 'had secret fling in Thailand... leaving his ex Amber Turner furious'
Mike Thalassitis and his beloved grandmother smile together in a poignant family photo shared by the Love Island star's brother Nick
Caroline Flack puts on a brave face as she takes to the stage at advertising event after sharing late night tribute to Love Island star Mike Thalassitis
Winnie Harlow makes a bold style statement in cream crop top and black fluffy jacket as she jets into London
Love Island's Rykard Jenkins blasts 'selfish' reality stars for lamenting their careers are 'hard' in wake of Mike Thalassitis' death
David Beckham admits using mobile phone while driving his Bentley through London's West End 
EXCLUSIVE: Mel B had $83K in the bank when she split with ex Stephen Belafonte - despite claims she was only left with $936
Katie Piper cuts a stylish figure in printed red number as she speaks about the success of her Extraordinary People podcast at Ad Week
Eurovision winner Conchita Wurst is UNRECOGNISABLE as she unveils shock transformation for music video
'He IS a good dad to True!' Khloe Kardashian DEFENDS love rat ex Tristan Thompson amid claims he's 'a bad father
Sophie Gradon detectives probe new lines of inquiry into Love Island star's death as family insist 32-year-old DIDN'T kill herself 
Hollyoaks star Ali Bastian stuns in a lace off-shoulder bridal gown as she marries actor David O'Mahony surrounded by their showbiz friends  
Love Island's Jonny Mitchell says the show's offer to help has come 'too little too late' following the death of his co-star Mike Thalassitis 
Khloe Kardashian hires Nicole Williams of WAGS fame to model her new Good American athletic wear
Meghan joins new godfather Harry and the Queen at church service for Zara Tindall's daughter Lena - weeks before they are due to become parents
Ryan Thomas and his brothers Scott and Adam treat their VERY excited stepfather to new £19k teeth implants in celebration of his 70th birthday
Jessica Simpson and hubby Eric Johnson cheer on son Ace at his baseball game right ahead of the birth of baby number three
Ben Affleck rocks blue blazer for school drop-off as Katherine Schwarzenegger breezes by while on a morning run
Kim Kardashian shares rare family portrait with sister Kourtney and grandmother MJ as well as several little ones
Popeye And Friends host and Los Angeles 'local legend' Tom Hatten dies at the age of 92
Sports Illustrated model Candice Swanepoel slips into a black bikini for latest pinup poses shared to Instagram
Thumbs up! Beaming Princess Beatrice looks VERY loved up with new boyfriend Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi as they stroll through New York hand-in-hand
Game Of Thrones' Isaac Hempstead Wright admits it feels 'f***ing weird' to have grown up and 'become a man' on the hit HBO show
Jennifer Garner jokingly warns Chrissy Teigen not 'to get any ideas' about stealing her nanny in funny Instagram comment
Leonardo DiCaprio and Brad Pitt pose alongside each other in the first poster for their film Once Upon A Time In Hollywood
Lupita Nyong'o opts for extreme comfort in a slouchy black sweatshirt and pants at the airport in New York
Paris Jackson appears to fall asleep at the wheel on LA outing with boyfriend Gabriel Glenn after suicide attempt
Brian Austin Green reveals his 90210 co-stars mourned death of Luke Perry together at the home of Gabrielle Carteris
Nicole Kidman's youngest daughters Sunday Rose and Faith Margaret are seen on the set of her HBO series The Undoing as they serve as extras
TOWIE EXCLUSIVE: Chloe Meadows discusses 'bad anxiety' caused by trolling as Courtney Green admits she has missed meals due to 'fat' jibes
Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she takes in the sights of Athens ahead of Greek TV appearance
Made you look! Crown Princess Mary of Denmark turns heads in an optical illusion dress as she helps to launch environmental challenge 
Susanna Reid yells 'I am NOT your wife' at Piers Morgan in domestic-style spat over a bin on Good Morning Britain
Myleene Klass reveals she WON'T be taking maternity leave as she'll bring her newborn to work and breastfeed on air like she 'did with her other two' children
Meghan channels Jackie O in a vintage Dior coat for Lena Tindall's christening - days after winning comparisons over her pillbox hat
Loose Women stars reflect on Mike Thalassitis' death and claim 'we are ALL responsible'... prompting Niall Horan to tweet his support 
TOWIE's Sam Mucklow cuddles swimsuit-clad Demi Sims on the beach in Thailand amid outrage for calling Shelby Tribble a 's**g'
Brooklyn Beckham's model ex Lexi Wood shows off her sensational figure in a sheer floral dress as she attends Daily Front Row Fashion Awards
Alicia Silverstone sizzles in a strapless red dress with black trim for the 5th annual Daily Front Row Awards in LA
Ben Fogle admits he had a breakdown after finding instant fame on Castaway and describes the attention as a 'drug' in the wake of Mike Thalassitis' death 
Chloe Madeley showcases her muscle gain in incredible before and after snaps as she SLAMS toning 'myth'
Denise Lewis admits that becoming a mum again at 46 was 'a shock' as she joins Katie Piper and Yasmin Le Bon in L'Oréal Paris Mother's Day campaign
Nicole Richie reveals the effort she goes through to stay stunning as she shares selfie from salon: 'Being naturally beautiful takes so much work'
Celebs Go Dating viewers left in tears as show pays tribute to Mike Thalassitis after star dies aged 26
Rachel Stevens and Nell McAndrew, flaunt their flawless style as they lead the glamour at Rainbow Trust charity fundraiser
Chris Pratt reveals the surprising thing he and co-star Elizabeth Banks did to keep The LEGO Movie 2: The Second Part within PG rating
Hugh Jackman pulls off incredible performance of The Music Man's opening scene in candid Instagram clip
A 'Future Mrs Elba' cake, matching silk nightwear, horse riding and PLENTY of wine: Idris' fiancée Sabrina Dhowre enjoys a WILD Utah bachelorette bash
EXCLUSIVE FIRST LOOK: Good girl gone bad! The Netflix trailer for the upcoming season of Chilling Adventures of Sabrina sees the teen witch embracing her dark side
Cristiano Ronaldo looks dapper in a crisp shirt as he and girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez attend the opening of his hair transplant clinic
Love Island's Zara McDermott catches the eye in a teeny-tiny neon green bikini as she poses with a volleyball during tropical getaway
Love Island star Mike Thalassitis hated the stigma his 'Muggy' nickname created and believed people were 'out to get him'
Olivia Bentley praises 'supportive' Made In Chelsea as reality stars SLAM a lack of 'aftercare' from TV shows following Mike Thalassitis' death
Mark Wahlberg invests in $450million Australian gym chain F45... after leaving fans shocked with his insane daily workout starting at 2.30am
Jack Tweed has finally been allowed back in touch with Jade Goody's sons Bobby, 15, and Freddie, 14... a decade on from his late wife's death
Cindy Crawford's son Presley Gerber shows off his model style as he enjoys date night with girlfriend Charlotte D'Alessio
Instagram vs reality! Comedian Celeste Barber hilariously parodies more sexy celebrity photo shoots - and Kim K and J LO are among latest victims
Malin Andersson confirms she's back together with Tom Kemp as they hold hands on a dinner date after slamming Love Island bosses 
Mike Thalassitis fans lay flowers outside Essex restaurant the Love Island star was due to open next week
Caroline Flack shares late night tribute to Love Island star Mike Thalassitis after his tragic death aged 26
Tamara Ecclestone is lined up for this year's Strictly Come Dancing and 'would love to get involved now daughter Sophia is at school'
Emily Atack transforms into Debbie Harry as she announces she will portray the Blondie Frontwoman in upcoming TV series
Millie Mackintosh shows off her svelte physique in a skimpy blue bikini as she braves the cold during trip to Finland
TOWIE: Sam Mucklow branded 'disgusting and disrespectful' by fans after he calls Shelby Tribble a 's**g' in explosive row
Holly Willoughby beams alongside the stars of the Frozen musical on Broadway as she continues to enjoy her family trip to New York City
Zoe Ball steps out on a stroll with boyfriend Michael Reed as the couple are seen together for the first time in three months
Kylie Jenner has 'serious trust issues' with Travis Scott after accusing him of cheating amid claims the relationship 'isn't even close to what it used to be'
Coronation Street's Faye Brookes details her 'perfect' proposal from fiancé Gareth Gates and reveals the reason behind their brief split
Kim Kardashian squeezes into PVC pants as she joins Kylie Jenner and family at Kanye West's star-studded weekly church service
EXCLUSIVE: Killing Eve's Fiona Shaw finds love with female economist who suffered excruciating heartbreak when her family died in Boxing Day tsunami
Pamela Anderson, 51, 'rekindles relationship with footballer Adil Rami, 33, months after calling it quits over disagreements about marriage'
Amanda Holden shows off her sartorial prowess in a navy blue top and flared suit trousers as she joins Joe Wicks at Advertising Week 
Billie Faiers and Greg Shepherd admit they wouldn't rule out another baby... as the gym-hating newlywed reveals the secret to THAT bridal body  
Mel C enjoys a relaxing shopping trip with mum Joan O'Neill in London... as the pop star continues to prepare for the Spice Girls' reunion tour
Selma Blair hilariously photoshops son Arthur, 7, onto a varsity rowing team as she mocks college admissions scandal
Justin Bieber shows off cupping marks on his back as he goes shirtless in Laguna Beach
Lisa Vanderpump reveals how she juggles reality TV with charity causes and a restaurant empire (and fuels rumours she has THIRD show in the works)
Blonde bombshells Kate Hudson, Candice Swanepoel, and Stella Maxwell dazzle Daily Front Row Awards in LA
Lady Gaga is a gift in black leather and white as she flaunts her cleavage in clinging dress with bow at Daily Front Row Fashion Awards
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley looks sensational in a standout red number at the Daily Front Row Fashion Awards
Adriana Lima flaunts cleavage and leg in velvet green halter dress at Daily Front Row Fashion Awards
Perrie Edwards shares shirtless snap of beau Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain before the pair's date night ends in disaster as her cat claws and bites him
Love Island's Mike Thalassitis' close friend Ellie O'Donnell pays emotional tribute to the 'kind and funny' star following his death aged 26
Jaime King nails androgynous chic in metallic gold blazer and matching flowy trousers as she heads out for dinner
Jade Goody's bridesmaids recount the harrowing moment she 'lost it' after telling her young sons she was dying
Former Love Island star Zara Holland says contestants are 'chewed up and spat out' as she joins calls for more care in wake of Mike Thalassitis' death
'In a dark place': Love Island's Mike Thalassitis, 26, 'hanged himself' in woodland after 'struggling with debts' and grandmother's death
Kady McDermott sizzles in neon green bikini as she poses up a storm in the Dubai desert during beau Myles Barnett's 25th birthday trip
North West steals the show in black dress and matching lipstick at dad Kanye West's Sunday Services
Swimsuit-clad Kylie Jenner is 'stuck like glue' to daughter Stormi... as ex-BFF Jordyn Woods posts bikini snap
Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez suit up in chic coats as they enjoy dinner at the Polo Bar in NYC... just a week after engagement
Jessica Alba looks effortlessly chic in denim shirt and clingy black dress as she and lookalike daughter Honor, 10, enjoy pamper session in LA
What DID happen to the Likely Lads: Bob fell on hard times while Terry scammed a fortune, writer of one of Britain's best-loved sitcoms reveals
Susanna Reid 'installs extra security in her home after her house is burgled TWICE in one month with thieves taking her car'
TOWIE fans SLAM show's eight newcomers as they beg bosses to bring back original cast
Kim Kardashian shares a close-up of her facial psoriasis after partying the night away with old pal Paris Hilton 
Made In Chelsea: Meet the SEVEN new cast members as newbie Maeva reveals she's already made enemies and can 'feel the jealousy' from co-stars
Drew Barrymore looks hippie chic in a tiered skirt as she enjoys Mexican getaway with her family
William H. Macy said in 2004 that he would give daughters a 'leg up' in Hollywood - 15 years before wife Felicity Huffman was indicted in college bribery scam
Sam Thompson shares heartbreaking tribute to Celebs Go Dating co-star Mike Thalassitis and claims he 'could have done more' for his friend
Joan Smalls stuns in gold halter dress as she shows off stellar figure at Daily Front Row Awards
Kardashian BFFs Larsa Pippen and Malika Haqq flaunt ample cleavage in revealing ensembles at Daily Front Row Fashion Awards
Chanel Iman flaunts taut tummy in leggy yellow gown for Daily Front Row's Fashion LA Awards
Real Housewives Of Atlanta: Eva Marcille tearfully weds as NeNe Leakes offers toast after breakdown
Sia gives rare look at her uncovered face as she steps out at Daily Front Row Awards
Celebs Go Dating: Chelsee Healey kisses new love interest after calling him 'ickle man' as fans blast her for 'being hard work' for the 'poor lad'
Cheers! Kate dons a stunning emerald green Alexander McQueen coat and indulges her taste for Guinness as she celebrates St Patrick's Day in Ireland 
The Walking Dead: Michonne kills dearest childhood friend Jocelyn and group of kids to save daughter
Courteney Cox hosts a dinner at her Malibu home to celebrate the book launch of her friend Jenni Kayne
Jenna Dewan and daughter Everly celebrate St. Patrick's Day in green outfits while running errands
Khloe Kardashian shares adorable photos of 11-month-old daughter True as she celebrates first St. Patrick's Day
Emmerdale SPOILER: Joe Tate is ALIVE and set to make explosive comeback to the Dales... five months after being presumed dead
EXCLUSIVE: Nadia Essex 'heartbroken' over Celebs Go Dating co-star Mike Thalassitis' death... but has been driven to QUIT Twitter after tearful video
Ashley James flaunts her sensational curves in sizzling bikini snaps on Maldives getaway
Helen Flanagan is selling clothes on eBay for as little as £4 while footballer fiancé Scott Sinclair is said to earn £25,000 a week
Olivia Wilde teams with Ellen DeGeneres to cut Jason Sudeikis' hair in front of live audience
Amber Turner shares sizzling bikini snap in Dubai... as TOWIE newbies made their debut after she fell foul to cast cull
Olly Murs reveals he's had therapy for 'chronic anxiety' after severe panic attack made him forget the lyrics to his own song
Jack Tweed admits he'll 'never be as happy' as he was with Jade Goody... as he marks 10th anniversary of the Big Brother star's death
Gigi Hadid forms a 'girl band' with Olivia Culpo and other pals as they sing and dance to Britney Spears
Amber Heard is elegant in floral-themed black gown as she shares stories about her Syrian relief work at charity gala in Chicago
Billions Season 4 premiere opens with tribute to Bethenny Frankel's late boyfriend Dennis Shields
Michelle Keegan cuts a casual figure in skin-tight workout leggings and a sports jacket as she leaves her local cafe
Félicité Tomlinson's sister Daisy pays tribute to late sibling- who friends say became a 'diet and exercise-driven introvert' after her mother's death
American Idol: Luke Bryan pretends to pass out after being touched by model singer Katie Belle
New Bachelorette Hannah Brown can't wait to 'unleash the beast' and talks Colton Underwood on Ellen
Jesy Nelson shows her romance with Chris Hughes is going from strength to strength as she shares smitten snaps
Jaime King is stylish in tailored black suit and slicked back hair at Daily Front Row Awards in LA
Courtney Love is a standout in red dress with mandarin collar at The Daily Front Row Fashion Awards in LA
Coronation Street star James Burrows reveals he's having a baby girl with  pregnant girlfriend Sophie Coates
Love Island bosses insist aftercare is 'taken seriously' amid backlash from contestants as Mike Thalassitis is found hanged aged 26
'Built to take care of business... like killing children for money': Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is slammed by fans for praising 'sexy AF' army tank 
Leigh-Anne Pinnock feels society is 'inbuilt with racism' as she admits she felt 'invisible and replaceable' during the early days of Little Mix  
Geordie Shore's Holly Hagan calls for reality stars to get financial help from TV bosses as she joins spate of celebs hitting out at aftercare from shows 
Scarlett Moffatt 'finds love with police constable Scott Dobinson' after year of heartbreak
Scott Disick enjoys bonding day with son as he takes his youngest boy Reign out for frozen yogurt in Malibu
Terry Crews says he'd jump at the chance to star in sequel to 2004 Wayans brothers comedy  White Chicks
Love Island star Montana Brown reveals Mike Thalassitis had been in a 'dark place' before his death as she admits she is 'angry' and 'heartbroken' 
Joe Jonas and Sophie Turner keep it casual on coffee run in NYC on St. Patrick's Day
EastEnders SPOILER: Keanu Taylor makes explosive RETURN to Walford as he's thanked by villainous newcomer Danny while nervous Phil Mitchell watches on
Glee actor Jesse Luken charged with DUI three months after he was found in the driver's seat of a 'mangled' car
Brandon Jenner rumored to have found love again.... six months after split from wife Leah
Angela Bassett and Jennifer Love Hewitt wear the trousers at PaleyFest 9-1-1 event in Los Angeles
Holly Willoughby shares rare snap of her children as she enjoys New York holiday... after cruel trolls claimed she shouldn't travel after her grandmother died 
Armie Hammer dons mulberry-colored jacket for Hotel Mumbai screening in NYC with wife Elizabeth Chambers
Kate Hudson and Andy Cohen share cute snaps of their tots dressed in green as celebrities celebrate St. Patrick's Day on Instagram
Abbey Clancy's daughter Sophia celebrates eighth birthday with pamper party... as model hits back at critics who call the bash 'inappropriate' 
Kate Hudson cradles daughter Rani as she goes on family Sunday stroll with boyfriend Danny and son Bingham
'Mike walked by my house to take his own life... I just wish he'd stopped at my door': Childhood friends pay tribute to Love Island's Mike Thalassitis, 26
Chace Crawford looks fit in a T-shirt and jeans as he heads to lunch at The Ivy in West Hollywood
Lost souls of Love Island: After a fatal tragedy, former contestants angrily reveal the dreadful toll of being goaded to betray one another to boost ratings 
Jess Wright hints at new romance as she shares cryptic cosy snap with mystery man
Binky Felstead sizzles in blue bikini while soaking up the sun in the Maldives before sharing hilarious 'Insta vs reality' clip of herself falling into the sea
Dick Dale, Guitar Legend who pioneered surf rock, dies aged 81 after lengthy battle with multiple illnesses
Sofia Richie dons comfortable grey sweatsuit before showing off luxury set-up on first class flight to Dubai
Taraji P. Henson dons Jenny Packham dress in NYC... after commenting on Jussie Smollett scandal
Tamara Ecclestone pulls out all the stops for daughter Sophia as she throws a lavish Greatest Showman-themed party to celebrate her fifth birthday
James Franco's girlfriend Isabel Pakzad wears eye-watering hoodie as the couple head to a Knicks game
Georgia Harrison and Stephen Bear appear to be back together as he refers to the Love Island star as 'the girl for me' 
Top Gear FIRST LOOK: New hosts Paddy McGuinness and Freddie Flintoff are FLIPPED OVER in horrific hearse crash
Fans are left reeling by ANOTHER sudden death in nail-biting penultimate episode of BBC detective drama Baptiste - a week after Kim's shocking murder
Love Island's Ellie Brown meets with co-stars Kendall Rae-Knight and Stephanie Lam after paying tribute to Mike Thalassitis
Louise Thompson stuns in a classic white bikini as she shares another snap on her idyllic holiday in Bali
Martha Hunt flashes a seductive look as she flaunts her toned figure dressed only in a thong
Michael Bublé admits he doesn't know if he and wife Luisiana would be 'brave enough' to face their son's cancer battle again
Ariana Grande reveals new leafy tattoo over her Pete Davidson 'Always' ink... but insists it's 'not a cover up'
Jacqueline Jossa insists she IS wearing her wedding ring after fans suggested she had removed it for night out amid Dan Osborne 'cheating' claims
Robbie Williams reignites feud with Liam Gallagher as he 'urges fans to roast Oasis star on Twitter'
Stacey Solomon reveals third pregnancy has left her 'horrifically sick, exhausted and has even turned her hair GREY'
Carol Vorderman shows off extraordinary new curves in skintight high-waisted trousers as she steps out in London
Louis Tomlinson's sister Lottie shares heartbreaking tribute to Félicité and admits she is 'incomplete and empty' after sibling's death aged 18
Nelly's dancing, Greg's wild speech and booze in full flow... what you DIDN'T see from Billie Faiers and Greg Shepherd's 'raucous' Maldives wedding
Love Island bosses vow to change aftercare to 'offer support to ALL contestants' after  the deaths of Mike Thalassitis and Sophie Gradon
Hailey Baldwin comforts husband Justin Bieber on Newport Beach outing as couple postpone their wedding ceremony indefinitely
Katie Price, 40, reveals she can now fit into CHILDREN'S clothes... after 'vowing to lose two stone with fitness overhaul'
Kate Beckinsale leads tributes to her late father Richard... marking 40 years since the Porridge star died, aged just 31
Beckham PIC EXCL: Giddy Harper debuts glasses during luxury shopping spree with giggling David... after his guilty plea to using phone at wheel
Brooklyn Beckham PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Star, 20, looks VERY worse for wear in Camden on drunken night out
RTS Awards 2019: Anna Friel cuts a glamorous figure in green silk gown as she joins Killing Eve's Jodie Comer at star-studded event
Vogue Williams showcases her toned abs in a tiny pink bikini as she posts sizzling throwback snap
Celebs Go Dating: Sam Thompson's sister Louise leaves viewers in hysterics as she ROASTS his 'juvenile' Harry Potter obsession
Lauren Goodger spotted with jailbird ex Joey Morrison outside her Essex house BEFORE she 'took a swipe' at him on her Instagram
Just the two of us! Kate and Queen share a light-hearted moment during their first ever joint engagement at King's College London
'We are with you': Harry and Meghan's message of solidarity to Christchurch victims as they visit New Zealand House in London to sign condolence book
Emma Willis flaunts her jaw-dropping physique in palm print bikini as she poses up a storm in new fashion range
The Duchess of Cornwall beams next to Lionel Richie after the Prince of Wales declared the singer a global ambassador for The Prince's Trust 
Lorraine Kelly, 59, slips into a glamorous sequin dress as she flaunts her svelte figure at RTS Awards.. after dropping three dress sizes
Coronation Street's Faye Brookes dazzles in a velvet midi dress as she larks around with co-star Sair Khan at the RTS Awards
Michelle Heaton oozes glamour in fitted one-shouldered midi dress at the RTS Awards
Is Lorde secretly engaged? Royals star, 22, flashes a ring on her wedding finger as she shops for homewares with boyfriend Justin Warren, 33
Priyanka Chopra wears racy sheer dress after making THIRD outfit change in one day while on promo tour in New York 
Paul Hollywood gave Sandi Toksvig his famous handshake on Celebrity Bake Off for Stand Up to Cancer, by Jim Shelley
Daniel Radcliffe jokes 'when Harry became Hagrid' as he sports brown matted hair and grisly beard to film comedy series Miracle Workers
Keeley Hawes cuts a stylish figure in a floral dress as she joins David Tennant at press night of The Life I Lead
Paris Jackson PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: The model hugs her cousin and former legal co-guardian TJ Jackson... just days after 'suicide attempt'
Still looking great after all these years! Prince Charles, 70, hits the beach in patterned swimming trunks as he enjoys downtime in Barbados 
Jermaine Pennant EXCL: Star confirms he DID briefly split from wife Alice Goodwin but says they will renew wedding vows and try for a baby
Charlotte Dawson looks in high spirits as she dons a busty little black dress to grab a milkshake on night out
Showstoppers Sandi Toksvig and Noel Fielding are the icing on the Bake Off cake: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV
Khloe Kardashian says daughter True 'made it all worth it'... after splitting with cheating Tristan Thompson
Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry travels home to Newcastle by PRIVATE JET after romantic London getaway with Sam Gowland
Kerry Katona reveals daughter Lilly-Sue once asked her 'Mummy, what's a coke head?' as she kept her children oblivious to her drugs battle
Madison Beer announces split with on-off boyfriend Zack Bia by tweeting 'Single Madison thrives'
Ariana Grande kicks off Sweetener World Tour with tribute to her late ex Mac Miller by playing his songs to audience before performing
Wendy Williams heads back to her sober living home in Queens after admitting on her show that she had been plunging into an alcohol and pill-fueled addiction
Mama June grimaces in mugshot as she is officially charged with possession of crack cocaine following domestic dispute with boyfriend Geno Doak
Game Of Thrones star Kit Harington reveals Jon Snow's death drove him to therapy during a 'dark period' when he questioned his acting ability
Megan McKenna's ex Pete Wicks reveals she is 'taking time to process' her former flame Mike Thalassitis' tragic death
SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Boris Becker's model son Elias, 19, reveals how he's copied routine that helped his dad become a tennis champ 
Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown, 15, is seen for first time since THOSE Romeo Beckham, 16, dating claims as she enjoys a low-key outing in Oz
Peter Andre insists he could 'never be angry' at Piers Morgan... after GMB host quizzed him about Katie Price in awkward chat 
Helen Mirren, 73, graces the red carpet in a floral gown as she joins John Travolta at BraVo Music Awards in Russia
Miley Cyrus puts on a racy display as she poses nude on sun lounger during trip to the desert 
Bradley Cooper keeps it casual in windbreaker while Irina Shayk nails off-duty sophistication in camel coat for bundled-up stroll in NYC
Kylie Jenner is looking for 'a bigger circle of friends' after BFF Jordyn Woods betrayed her by hooking up with Khloe's ex Tristan Thompson
Celebrity Juice: Holly Willoughby grabs her cleavage as she shimmies in front of Keith Lemon and Mark Wright in x-rated charades game
Harry Redknapp EXCLUSIVE: King Of The Jungle thinks son Jamie would have 'got the hump' with him if he'd chosen Strictly over I'm A Celeb
Made In Chelsea EXCLUSIVE: Miles Nazaire sheds light on why the cast have 'struggled' with his fiery ex Maeva D'Ascanio 
Bella Hadid looks casually chic in distressed jeans and slogan t-shirt as she heads to a photoshoot in New York City
Kate Beckinsale dons leopard print leggings and slouchy white sweatshirt on her way to the gym following romantic night out with Pete Davidson
Nicky Hilton shows off her slender frame in blue anchor-themed maxi dress with knotted bodice as she steps out in Hollywood
Hilary Duff shares black-and-white photo of her family enjoying a lovely morning in Los Angeles
Zac Efron keeps a low profile as he heads off from physical therapy aided by a single crutch
Amy Schumer praises husband Chris for his 'willingness and desire to be open' as pregnant comedian enjoys leisurely walk after Netflix release
Gabby Allen tells Alexandra Cane she needs to 'EMIGRATE' if  claims she kissed married Dan Osborne are true... after star was branded 'homewrecker' 
EXCLUSIVE: Wendy Williams is being secretly treated at a sober living home in Queens after plunging into an alcohol and pill-fueled addiction
Love Island's Zara McDermott continues to parade her incredible bikini body in slew of sizzling swimwear snaps from America break 
TOWIE's Chloe Sims, 36, gets flirty with Dan Edgar, 28, as the pair greet each other with a kiss during filming after 'secret fling' in Thailand
Coronation Street's Ben Price teases culprit behind the Underworld factory collapse during appearance on Good Morning Britain
Emily Ratajkowski sports all-black ensemble with knee-high snakeskin boots on a stroll in New York City
Carrie Underwood reveals difficult journey 'bouncing back' after giving birth to son Jacob: 'I just want to feel like myself again'
BlacKkKlansman's John David Washington lands the coveted lead role in Christopher Nolan's mysterious new film
Elton John biopic Rocketman is previewed at historic LA club Troubadour where singer made his US debut 50 years ago 
Kate gets creative! Arty Duchess dons an apron as she takes part in a workshop on block printing at the Foundling Museum in London 
Priyanka Chopra is ravishing in red as she gushes about Nick Jonas on The View: 'Marriage feels so different, it's like the family you choose'
Konnie Huq looks effortlessly chic in a black jumpsuit and billowing blouse as she hits the red carpet at  Say My Name premiere
Mel Sykes looks fresh faced as she steps out all-in-black after breaking into a sweat during her hot yoga class
Emma Roberts looks rocker chic as she models Journey T-shirt and skintight jeans on low-key stroll in LA
Charlize Theron shows off legs in tight jeans as she heads to the gas station wearing shooting glasses after taking part in tactical training 
EXCLUSIVE: Justin Bieber is comforted by his mother, wife Hailey Baldwin and the BIBLE as he struggles with anxiety and depression
Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner are friendly exes and catch up over coffee after morning school drop-off in LA
Nicollette Sheridan shares a kiss with beau in Calabasas after breaking silence on Desperate Housewives star Felicity Huffman's scandal
Justin Bieber and Hailey Baldwin 'postpone their wedding for a FOURTH TIME'... as they put their plans on 'indefinite hold to focus on the singer'
Lauren Goodger poses for a sultry selfie in a sheer lace teddy as she appears to take ANOTHER swipe at criminal ex Joey Morrison
Mike Thalassitis' ex Olivia Attwood is branded a 'b***h' and 'disgusting' for her tribute to the late Love Island star... as she hits back at the 'clown' troll
Sophie Gradon's boyfriend 'hysterical' when he found  Love Island star dead before he took cocaine and alcohol and hanged himself, inquest hears 
Jane Seymour reveals she'd love to star in Coronation Street after pal Sir Ian Mckellen recommended she joins following his stint on the soap in 2005
'Why can't we have Sir David Attenborough?' Blue Planet II Live audience 'walk out' of the O2 over Anita Rani's 'cringeworthy' presenting 
Celebrity Juice EXCL: Holly Willoughby plays mouth-to-mouth jelly relay with John Barrowman and Emily Atack... with hilarious results
Cardi B is making her feature film debut opposite Jennifer Lopez and Constance Wu in avenging stripper flick Hustlers
'Selfie queen' Karen Danczuk, 35, says charging fans for racy photos is 'empowering' as she defends stripping off on explicit pay-per-view website
Ashley James looks sensational as she showcases her curves in a tiny pink bikini and enjoys a 'floating breakfast' during her idyllic Maldives getaway
Inside Perrie Edwards and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain's new home: Little Mix star offers look into love nest featuring a hanging chair and breakfast bar
EXCLUSIVE: Tori Spelling moves her family to $13,000 a month rental in posh Hidden Hills where neighbors include the Kardashians and Drake 
Natalie Portman stars in trailer for Lucy In The Sky which is based on astronaut who wore a diaper to drive across the US without stops to find her lover
EastEnders star Natalie Cassidy shows off her three stone weight loss on errand run as she prepares for the London Marathon
Busy Philipps recalls the moment Matthew McConaughey messed up her name and called her 'Whimsy' as she chats with pal Michelle Williams
Alex Rodriguez's ex-wife Cynthia Scurtis says she is 'happy' for him and Jennifer Lopez... more than a week after former athlete proposes to star
Kate's signs of respect for the Queen: From following her out of the car to donning SAME hat she wore during Diamond Jubilee tour, the Duchess aced it
Princess Diana's niece Lady Kitty Spencer reveals why she's determined to earn her own money (despite her father being worth £116M)
Gemma Chan says racial diversity in the film industry should 'reflect life now' as she dazzles in stunning cover shoot for Allure
'I keep going through the what ifs': Mike Thalassitis' Love Island ex Tyla Carr pens note about mental health and says death has 'only just sunk in' 
TOWIE's Chloe Meadows showcases her sensational figure in classic white bikini as she enjoys a scenic stroll along the beach during Thailand trip
Geordie Shore: Meet the four new cast members set to rock the raucous party house as they join Chloe Ferry, Sam Gowland, Scotty T and Nathan Henry for new series
Made In Chelsea EXCLUSIVE: Newbie Angus Findlay says 'it's natural for boys to feel threatened' by him after wooing Toff on Celebs Go Dating
MIC's Victoria Baker Harber SLAMS new cast for being 'basic' and predicts Louise Thompson's upcoming nuptials will be 'a magazine deal wedding'
Toy Story 4: Woody is reunited with Bo Peep as he makes new friends and embarks on a life-changing journey in new trailer
Game Of Thrones' new marketing campaign has six Iron Thrones hidden around the world for fans to find before the final season premiere
Tina Malone breaks down as she reveals she can't take children to Euro Disney after being hit by £10,000 fine for sharing Facebook post about Bulger killer 
Leonardo DiCaprio's ex Toni Garrn goes makeup-free in NYC as she puts her cell phone on speaker for a quick chat
Mummy Diaries EXCL: 'He can shove the wedding up his A**E!' 'Bridezilla' Billie is reduced to tears by 'selfish' Greg ahead of Maldives nuptials 
Margot Robbie as Sharon Tate gets her own Once Upon A Time In Hollywood poster... after Leonardo DiCaprio and Brad Pitt debuted theirs
Ooh la la! Australian star Melissa George oozes Parisian style in beret and blouse as she poses for a pensive black-and-white photograph in France
Gwyneth Paltrow attempted to 'reinvent' divorce when she used the term 'consciously uncoupling' for her split with Chris Martin
Kourtney Kardashian posts cheeky snap of herself wearing feathery crop top and flashy sunglasses as she calmly sips on water: 'Life of the party'
Kim Kardashian gets 'skin tightening' treatment in Beverly Hills... after complaining of splotchy red facial Psoriasis
Priyanka Chopra turns heads as she arrives at The View in New York City in daring snakeskin pants and statement gold coat
Steven Spielberg wins battle to build WWI trenches near Stonehenge after tests find Hollywood epic '1917' poses no threat to 5,000-year-old site
Disney reveals Frozen: The Musical will open in London's West End in 2020 after hugely successful Broadway run
Olivia Buckland EXCLUSIVE: Love Island star says husband Alex Bowen helps motivate her to be healthier as they work out together at the gym
Jade Goody's mother Jackiey Budden looks deep in thought as she visits her late daughter's grave days before the 10-year anniversary of her death
REVEALED: Kristoff St. John, 52, died of heart disease triggered by an alcohol binge just two days after leaving a mental health facility
James Corden is announced as host of the 2019 Tony Awards in June: 'I'm beyond proud to be part of this incredibly special night'
Standing tall! Elle Macpherson, 54, shows off her supermodel legs in a black swimsuit on a photo shoot with sons Flynn, 21, and Cy, 16 in Sydney
Kris Boyson denies threatening a police officer a day after his girlfriend Katie Price was arrested on suspicion of drink-driving 
Justin Bieber's rumoured ex-fling Sahara Ray risks getting banned from Instagram as she suffers a nip slip while posing in a TINY bikini
Rapper T.I. shares photo with late sister... as filming resumes on his reality show Friends & Family Hustle following her sudden death in Atlanta
Chrissy Teigen posts heart-melting clip of son Miles becoming BFFs with family dog... before arts and crafts session with daughter Luna
Ryan Phillippe to play modern day Frankenstein in CBS' cop drama pilot Alive  
Gwyneth Paltrow reveals she married Brad Falchuk near to her birthday to 'reframe' the day after years of associating it with her father's death
Romeo Beckham, 16, 'dating' Millie Bobby Brown, 15... 'as his mum Victoria gives the relationship her seal of approval'
Nicki Minaj ISN'T married to jailbird beau Kenneth Petty despite calling him her 'husband' during radio show
Blanca Blanco goes topless to re-create Marilyn Monroe's 1962 photo shoot to celebrate 60-year anniversary of Some Like It Hot
Lupita Nyong'o rocks colorful floral dress after praising director Jordan Peele's 'refreshing' take on her new film Us
Piers Morgan asks if GMB weather girl Laura Tobin has 'had too much to drink' as she dances to The Fresh Prince Of Bel-Air live on TV
Megan McKenna pulls out of her Loose Women appearance after revealing she is in 'complete shock' over the death of ex Mike Thalassitis
Eva Green turns heads in billowing black sheer gown and quirky boater hat as she steps out in Paris 
Cuba Gooding Jr cosies up to bikini-clad Claudine De Niro in Miami amid claims they are 'hooking up' (and she's got VERY A-list links!)
Channing Tatum asks his followers if they like his new bleach blonde hair... then later admits 'bad ideas' are sort of his 'thing'
Million Dollar Listing star Ryan Serhant shares sweet snap of the moment he did skin-to-skin with newborn daughter Zena
TOWIE EXCL: 'Fuming' Sam Mucklow breaks silence on THAT row with Shelby Tribble... as he laments 's**g' jibe and claims SHE came to him for sex 
Little Mix's Jesy Nelson and Love Island's Chris Hughes put on a loved-up display as they cosy up on a romantic theatre date night in London
Jacqueline Jossa jets off to Belfast for her pal's hen do as Dan Osborne takes their kids to Legoland amid claims she's dumped her husband
Danielle Lloyd slips into sportswear as she heads to the gym after 'massive' 20lbs weight loss ahead of her imminent wedding to Michael O'Neill
'I didn't realise the damage': Strictly's Katya Jones admits she was 'silly' for THAT kiss with Seann Walsh... yet husband Neil insists 'there are worse things'
Kate Beckinsale, 45, and Pete Davidson, 25, are caught locking lips AGAIN as they walk hand-in-hand after attending premiere of The Dirt
Lauren Bushnell flaunts her toned body in tiny bikini with country star boyfriend Chris Lane during Hawaiian getaway
Jenna Jameson shares her latest then and now photos after losing 80lbs as she tells fans 'clean out your kitchen of garbage processed foods'
BGT judge David Williams nets a £2m profit on his London home - dubbed Supernova Heights when Noel Gallagher lived there
Holly Hagan parties with her Geordie Shore co-stars after hitting out at reality show aftercare in the wake of Mike Thalassitis' death
PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan McKenna seen for first time after revealing she is in 'complete shock' over ex-boyfriend Mike Thalassitis' death
Love Island's Dani Dyer highlights her slender physique in a ruffled floral bikini as she gazes adoringly at beau Jack Fincham on Thailand getaway
Paris Jackson supported by Gabriel Glenn at The Dirt premiere after 'suicide attempt'... amid claims she's refusing rehab and professional help
Bethenny Frankel signs multi-year deal to produce reality shows with Mark Burnett and MGM Television
Rochelle Humes shares rare snap with her lookalike sisters... as fans are left convinced they are triplets
Jessica Simpson rocks a bikini top in a revealing pregnancy snap as star clutches her baby bump and  jokes she's in 'Jess-tation'
Ariana Grande shows off a revolving door of sultry looks as she kicks off the Sweetener World Tour in New York City
Winnie Harlow looks effortlessly chic as she makes a stylish entrance at Advertising Week Europe in a white-and-blue print suit
EastEnders star Dean Gaffney, 41, 'has been dumped by model girlfriend Rebekah Ward, 25, after three years together'
April Love Geary, 24, shows off her incredible post-baby body in sizzling red mini as she cosies up to fiancé Robin Thicke, 42, on romantic date 
Olivia Buckland EXCLUSIVE: Star reveals show offered her 'counselling' as she discusses mental health support after Mike Thalassitis' death 
Eddie Redmayne shows off his quirky sense of style as he steps out in a multi-coloured jumper for a relaxed outing in London
Danielle Bregoli, better known as singer Bhad Bhabie, is too busy overseeing her growing empire to plan her Sweet 16 birthday party
MIC's Sophie Hermann parades her long legs under trench coat as she jokes she doesn't know whether to 'burp or give a lollipop' to new cast members
Lea Michele gives a first glimpse at her dazzling wedding ring as she enjoys 'that wife life' on tropical honeymoon with husband Zandy Reich
Farrah Abraham BLASTED on social media after recreating Kourtney Kardashian nude bathroom snap: 'you look pathetic, jealous & insecure'
Rocketman's Taron Egerton and co-star Richard Madden 'got blind DRUNK' night before filming new Carpool Karaoke (but sobered up beforehand)
Wes Nelson fans BEG the star to hook up with Dancing On Ice co-star Vanessa Bauer as she honours him with gushing birthday message 
Megan Barton Hanson reflects on the trappings of fame after the death of Mike Thalassitis and claims she was cast as a 'pantomime villain' on Love Island
Sarah Hyland cuts a casual figure as she parades her toned physique in leggings and a sweatshirt while grocery shopping
Jess Wright shows off her phenomenal figure in barely-there white bikini during Mexico holiday... after hinting at new romance with cryptic post 
Lori Loughlin hires former DoJ lawyer who prosecuted Enron CEOs and once told them they could not 'buy their way out' of the scandal to defend her 
Rock 'n' Roll icon Jerry Lee Lewis, 83, cancels upcoming shows as he recovers from minor stroke but is expected to make a full recovery with 'aggressive rehab'
Thandie Newton's lookalike daughter Nico Parker, 14, dons sky-high platform heels and chic pink coat for Late Show taping
Britain's Got Talent star Amanda Holden admits she prefers Declan Donnelly over his co-host Ant McPartlin in cheeky quip
Montana Brown breaks down as she reveals Mike Thalassitis was dealing with a 'lack of work and a big tax bill' and says she's 'kicking herself' for not replying to his last text 
Alessandra Ambrosio serves up sex appeal as she rocks a tiny black string bikini for a sporty round of beach volleyball
Justin Bieber beams as he cuddles up with and kisses cute pup... a week after admitting he's been 'struggling a bit'
Delilah Hamlin parades her legs in skimpy striped co-ords as she blows kisses after enjoying dinner out in LA
Lupita Nyong'o wears distracting yellow contact lenses as she makes a quirky appearance on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert
Strictly's Karen Clifton breaks down in tears as she reveals she was turned away from barbers 'because she is a woman'
Dennis Quaid says Parent Trap co-star Natasha Richardson was a 'beautiful person'... 10 years on from her death
Ariana Grande pays homage to late ex Mac Miller by playing his music before her debut show on Sweetener World Tour
Sarah Michelle Gellar smiles sweetly as she hits the shops in Beverly Hills in a summery mini-dress and shades
Rami Malek puts on an animated display while running through Central Park during filming of the final season of Mr Robot
Eva Green is radiant in sheer one-sleeved black gown as she joins Tim Burton at screening of Dumbo in Paris
Lottie Moss shows off her legs in denim hotpants before slipping into a plunging boiler suit for a vegan dinner date in LA
Victoria Beckham reveals she had to give her BRA to one of the models during her LFW show as she shares candid behind-the-scenes clip
EastEnders SPOILER: First look at Sean Slater, Ben Mitchell and Lola Pearce's return as BBC soap drops EXPLOSIVE new spring trailer
Padma Lakshmi layers a biker jacket over an elegant and simple white dress as she speaks on a fashion panel in New York City
Kourtney Kardashian is naked in a bathtub while saying 'love yourself' as she shares another teaser for lifestyle website Poosh
Rose Leslie and Michael Sheen get to work on the set of The Good Fight's third season on the streets of New York City
Travis Scott weighs in on politics and the face of the changing music industry with Nas for Playboy's special Speech Issue
Bella Thorne flaunts cleavage in dramatic black strapless dress as she attends The Dirt premiere with her boyfriend Mod Sun
Lupita Nyong'o stuns in striking yellow contacts and sparkling pink jumpsuit as she steps out in style in New York City 
Jaden Smith displays his toned upper body as he goes shirtless during low-key stroll in Los Angeles following Australia trip
Janet Jackson is mocked by fans after she edits Glastonbury's official poster to put her name first... after this year's line-up is announced 
Riverdale creator is figuring 'out the best way to honor' Luke Perry following actor's death at 52
Kady McDermott flaunts her incredible figure in tiny bikini as she enjoys beau Myles Barnett's birthday trip to Dubai
Sam Faiers shares cheeky snap from  Billie's Maldives nuptials as she reveals she's planning 'chilled' wedding with Paul Knightley
Back in the saddle! Chris Hemsworth's age-defying wife Elsa Pataky, 42, goes horse riding on the beach in Byron Bay
Nikki Sixx, 60, can't keep hands off pregnant wife Courtney, 33, who stuns in revealing silver catsuit at The Dirt premiere in LA
Cardi B shares sweet new picture of 'perfect' Kulture while hitting back at cruel trolls... but quickly deletes it 
Real Housewives of Beverly Hills alum Taylor Armstrong reveals her daughter Kennedy knew her late father Russell was abusive husband
Chrissy Teigen shows off her legs in jean shorts as she takes her daughter Luna shopping in West Hollywood
Kourtney Kardashian fans accuse her of photoshopping her leg in racy naked photo promoting new lifestyle website Poosh
Diana Ross 'poke gate': Audience members who gave icon, 74, the finger at NYC concert revealed as drag queen tribute act
Celebs Go Dating: Chloe Sims makes a return to roast pal Pete Wicks for being 'sarcastic, grumpy and boring'... leaving fans in hysterics
Katie Price is left distressed as she is locked out of her Facebook account by hackers.... after returning from Thailand break with Kris Boyson
Katy Perry accidentally demotes fiance Orlando Bloom by calling him 'my boyfriend' while live tweeting American Idol
Billie Faiers displays her figure in floral swimwear as she and husband Greg Shepherd share throwback snaps from idyllic Maldives honeymoon 
Joe Jonas takes a leap of faith as he sports dressed down denim-on-denim look as he steps out solo New York City outing
Vanessa Hudgens rocks simple Daisy Dukes and a wide-brimmed straw hat while grabbing lunch with boyfriend Austin Butler
TOWIE's Clelia Theodorou flaunts her toned figure in khaki crochet bikini as she shares sizzling Thailand throwback
Mike Thalassitis' grieving friends pay tribute to the late Love Island star as they hold a vigil in the woodland where his body was found hanged 
Jessie J embraces her 'cellulite' as she showcases her peachy posterior in a black thong bikini  for a VERY candid Instagram snap
Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez receive a handwritten letter from Barack Obama congratulating them on their engagement 
Jade Goody's mum Jackiey asks Charlotte Hawkins 'who are you?' and clashes with Dr Hilary ... as she remembers anniversary of her daughter's death
Louis Tomlinson's step-dad Mark breaks his silence after daughter Félicité's dies at 18... as he admits he's 'totally and utterly heartbroken'
Jack Tweed wipes away tears as he lays flowers at late wife Jade Goody's grave to mark her 10th anniversary... after admitting he will 'never' move on
Kieran Hayler kisses girlfriend Michelle Penticost outside a spa in first sighting since Katie Price pleaded not guilty to playground showdown
Olivia Buckland sets pulses racing in a white eyelet bandeau bikini as she spends time with husband Alex Bowen while enjoying Barbados break
Love Island's Wes Nelson is seen for the first time with Instagram model Lissy Roddy amid dating rumours... two months after Megan Barton Hanson split
Farrah Abraham puts her curves on full display as she frolics around the beach donning high cut pink bikini
Royal author warns the Duchess must realise she can't 'live like an A-lister' while enjoying the privilege of her role 
Emmerdale star Claire King reveals she has been ATTACKED in the street by fans furious with her 'vile' alter-ego Kim Tate
Piers Morgan 'reports' Jameela Jamil to the police for 'mis-gendering' him on Twitter amid furious row about Sam Smith's gender fluidity
Making pregnancy look good! Meghan's ten best maternity looks
Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner put on a stylish display as the former couple laugh while leaving a meeting in LA
Inside Danielle Lloyd's surprise hen do: Reality star dons a bridal veil as her pals wear masks of her fiancé Michael O'Neill's face and gobble cupcakes
Diane Kruger admits she fell into 'such a dark place' after her separation from ex long-term partner Joshua Jackson coincided with two family deaths
'I don't read the comments': Hailey Baldwin on how she deals with social media critics... as she models swimsuits for ROXY's Sister campaign
Zara McDermott sizzles in high-cut one-piece while modelling for sexy swimwear line... as 'mate' Olly Murs defends liking her saucy snaps
Patsy Kensit, 51, poses for pouty selfie with Liam Gallagher lookalike son Lennon, 19, after watching him on the Hermès catwalk
Priyanka Chopra offers a wry smile as she steps out in NYC... after dishing about 'sexting' with husband Nick Jonas on Watch What Happens Live
Katie Price addresses the 'BETRAYAL' she suffered at hands of her former best friend as she reveals she is attempting to 'forgive and trust' again
Parks and Recreation stars Amy Poehler and Nick Offerman discuss the possibility of a revival as cast reunites at PaleyFest
'It looks like a kindergartner painted it!' Ariana Grande fans mock the singer's 'embarrassing' Sweetener tour merch 
Ben Shephard is forced to apologise after Susannah Constantine drops the F-BOMB live on Good Morning Britain
Gwyneth Paltrow sells saucy $786 leather lingerie set with kinky $300 whip on Goop site... with the products promising to fulfil bondage fantasies
Danniella Westbrook reveals she's been rushed to hospital after suffering complications from her surgery for womb cancer
Flip Or Flop's Christina Anstead reveals she's pregnant with new husband Ant's baby... as she jokes 'gonna need a bigger car!'
Morgan Freeman converts his 124-acre Mississippi ranch into a sanctuary for honey bees to save the insects
Mean Girls EXCLUSIVE: Daniel Franzese hints a SEQUEL with Lindsay Lohan could happen as he discusses the 'legacy' of the teen hit 
Millie Mackintosh slips into skintight leather trousers as she reunites with husband Hugo Taylor for a date night after luxurious trip to Finland
'I lost $2 million because of Brexit!' Barbra Streisand reveals how political uncertainty dented her $400M fortune 
Neil Patrick Harris and husband David Burtka explain how they've turned their lives into an every day celebration 
Coronation Street SPOILER: Alison King films scenes as Carla Connor goes ON THE RUN after Rana Habeeb's death in the Underworld collapse
Pregnant Myleene Klass shows off her baby bump in a pretty pink dress as she heads to work after revealing she won't be taking maternity leave
Offset was 'being vulnerable' with public apologies to win back wife Cardi B following cheating allegations
Gemma Collins packs on the PDA with James Argent as they kiss and go snorkelling on romantic Tenerife break... after rekindling their romance 
Danny DeVito addresses rumours Eddie Murphy will co-star in the Twins sequel and admits he's still on the lookout for a screenplay
Priyanka Chopra believes in 'sexting and FaceTime sex' during time away from husband Nick Jonas
Jenna Coleman and Tom Hughes tease rising tensions between Queen Victoria and Prince Albert in ITV's hit show.
Colin Farrell talks about giving up drink and taking a Hollywood hiatus to spend time with his sons as he joins guests on The Jonathan Ross Show
Diane Kruger admits she's always 'dreamed' of playing the role of James Bond
Peter Andre begs for forgiveness as he shocks fans with 'Edward Scissorhands hair' in '90s throwback 
Cindy Crawford, 53, says her husband Rande Gerber 'hates' when she wears makeup 
'Selfie queen' Karen Danczuk, 35, insists stripping off for sexy snaps on explicit pay-per-view website WON'T damage her political career in the future
Catherine Tyldesley EXCLUSIVE: Coronation Street star reveals why she 'never takes chances' with her health now she's a mother to son Alfie
Heidi Montag flaunts her ample assets in a VERY high-cut pink swimsuit as husband Spencer Pratt and son Gunner sport matching trunks in Santa Barbara 
Larsa Pippen flaunts her cleavage in a plunging lace-up jumpsuit as she parties with ab-flashing Shanina Shaik at The Nice Guy
Kylie Jenner and Travis Scott have dinner together with their daughter in first sighting of the family since cheating rumors
Lea Michele and Zandy Reich soak up the sun during their tropical honeymoon
Will Ferrell's Anchorman character Ron Burgundy leaves NHL fans in stitches as he commentates on his beloved LA Kings.
Hairy Bikers play down incredible weight loss and joke 'we're more middle aged survivors than gurus' after shedding a huge 7 STONE
Georgia May Jagger shows off her model style as she slips her slender frame into two-tone silk dress and Dr. Martens boots
Pregnant Alex Jones is left red-faced after co-host Matt Baker appears to ask a VERY rude question on The One Show
Holly Willoughby jokes Emily Atack could be her and John Barrowman's love child as they shoot new series of Celebrity Juice
Liam Gallagher's daughter Molly Moorish poses in an ab-flashing bandeau crop top as she joins Lady Mary Charteris at fashion bash
Lori Loughlin's daughters could be banned from USC and its grounds forever for being 'disruptive individuals' 
Princess Eugenie looks chic in a tweed dress as she squeezes in a trip to a ski shop with husband Jack during a busy day of royal engagements
Roseanne Barr blames co-star Sara Gilbert for 'destroying her LIFE' with one tweet
Victoria Beckham looks sporty in white trainers with a monogrammed designer handbag for London outing
Maggie Q cuts a casual figure in midriff-baring ensemble to join male pal at Craig's following split from fiancé Dylan McDermott
Geordie Shore star Holly Hagan breaks down over 'horrific' acne in candid post... and reveals she's cancelled a holiday due to the stress of her skin 
Danny Dyer shocks his daughter Sunnie, 11, with revelation he lost his virginity aged 14 in VERY candid TV confession
Katie Price will be forced to pay back £12k a MONTH to clear her debts... despite vowing to splash the cash on a car and MORE luxury holidays
Riviera EXCLUSIVE: Season two trailer sees Georgina back with a vengeance as she battles for control of the Clios family
Love Island's Dani Dyer showcases her incredible figure in a stylish cut-out swimsuit during Thailand getaway
Priyanka Chopra reveals that Nick Jonas cried the most during December wedding while visiting WWHL
Love Island's Wes Nelson 'is secretly dating Instagram model Lissy Roddy'... as he moves on from ex Megan Barton Hanson two months after split
Strictly's Shirley Ballas, 58, shares pain-inducing cupping photos as she tries  therapy to tighten skin and relieve stress ahead of big U.K move
Colin Farrell enjoys a late-night snack as he leaves Soho House with a box of £5 Ferrero Rocher chocolates after partying with his Dumbo co-stars 
Ronan Keating's wife Storm shows off her beach body in a white Chanel swimsuit as she dotes on the couple's sweet son Cooper in Sydney's Bondi 
Amber Heard keeps it simple in black amid Johnny Depp lawsuit drama and split with Vito Schnabel
Danny Boyle says clash with producers forced him to quit as director of Bond 25 as he calls the resignation a 'great shame'
Ashley Graham channels the 1980s as she shares cheeky swimsuit selfie before jetting into NYC to join Karlie Kloss for preview of Project Runway
Cardi B and Migos will not face  charges after security team 'violently attacked an overzealous fan trying to get autograph'
Line Of Duty creator reveals shock plans to AXE the show before viewers get bored and admits he's already started plotting the ending
Celebs Go Dating: Megan McKenna and Pete Wicks bury the hatchet as the singer declares her ex-boyfriend 'one of her good friends'
Former East 17 star Brian Harvey, 44, is arrested on suspicion of sending malicious communications 
Kylie Jenner is a vampy vixen in racy new shoot as she slams critics of her 'self-made' billionaire status and addresses baby Stormi's TV future 
Ariana Grande posts cryptic quote about parting ways with loved ones when they hurt you
Pete Davidson takes solo walk in black hoodie and matching sweatpants in Venice area of Los Angeles
Elsa Pataky flaunts her ample cleavage in a skimpy bikini while Chris Hemsworth showcases his rippling abs   while camping
'I nearly lost my life just as all my childhood dreams came true': GoT's Emilia Clarke reveals she suffered two life-threatening brain aneurysms 
Kendall Jenner goes casual chic in graphic T-shirt and leather pants as she enjoys father-daughter dinner with Caitlyn at  Nobu in Malibu
FIVE iconic Sir David Attenborough shows that changed TV forever
Rita Ora 'rekindles her relationship with musician ex Andrew Watt after being left heartbroken by split from actor Andrew Garfield'
Ireland Baldwin makes a splash in cut-out copper bathing suit as she soaks up the sun during beach photo shoot in Malibu 
Aubrey Plaza looks lovely in lace as she joins forces with Parks And Rec castmates Amy Poehler and Rashida Jones for 10th anniversary reunion
Elizabeth Hurley, 53, showcases her hourglass curves in a little black dress as she enjoys a night out
Arnold Schwarzenegger visits LA nail salon after RIPPING President Trump over jabs at his late friend John McCain
Kim and Kourtney Kardashian don stylish coats as they step out for filming day with Kris Jenner in LA
Jennifer Lopez wears $100,000-plus outfit for H&M shopping trip with 11-year-old daughter Emme
Chanelle Hayes PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Reality star sports VERY painful-looking sunburn as she paddles in the sea during Tenerife getaway 
Julia Louis-Dreyfus reveals 'close-knit' cast on Veep was very emotional during filming of HBO show's final season:  'We were all a wreck'
Sofia Richie enjoys Beverly Hills outing with Scott Disick after returning home from glam work trip to Kuwait
She's still got it! Toni Collette, 46, stuns at 25th anniversary screening of her breakout film Muriel's Wedding in New York
Jaden Smith and mom Jada sport matching blonde hair as they spend quality time together surfing in Malibu
Jennifer Lopez keeps it simple in all-brown outfit while heading into recording studio in New York
Courteney Cox reunites with her Cougar Town co-star Busy Philipps on her E! talk show
Alessandra Ambrosio is a fashionista at the gas station as she sports colorful wrap and white top in Malibu
Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her new yet slightly empty office as she asks her Instagram followers for book recommendations
Jessie James Decker poses in green sleeveless mini dress on photo shoot to promote Hallmark cards
Emily Ratajkowski shows off her incredible figure in a teeny-tiny white bikini as she poses up a storm in wine campaign
Debra Messing brings 14-year-old son Roman to opening night of Broadway musical Ain't Too Proud
Liam Hemsworth peels off his wetsuit and wraps up in a towel on Malibu beach day
Dora The Explorer live action movie posters give first look at The Lost City Of Gold
Love Island's Alex Miller reveals show producer saved his life after he 'fell off the cliff of fame' and became suicidal as he discusses aftercare 
Petra Ecclestone looks in high spirits as she rocks black  thigh high boots and glamorous  fur coat for a night out with pals 
Jenna Dewan is casually stylish in green jacket and blue jeans as she runs errands in LA
Thandie Newton, 46, wows in frosted grey dress as she proudly supports her daughter Nico, 14, for star-studded Dumbo European premiere
Duchess of York looks in high spirits as she attends the opening night of The Temptations musical on Broadway
Dan Osborne steps out with his Michael Jackson tattoo almost entirely removed... despite claiming the singer is 'innocent'
Ariel Winters stands out in bubblegum pink hoodie paired with black sports shorts on outing in LA
Jennifer Aniston is overjoyed as she reunites with Bruce Almighty co-star Steve Carrell on the LA set of Apple series The Morning Show
Game Of Thrones star Aidan Gillen snaps back at Lorraine Kelly for calling partner Camille O'Sullivan his 'fiancée' in VERY awkward chat
Wendy Williams' husband Kevin Hunter says star 'is doing well' and family is 'dealing with' her sobriety struggles
Lenny Henry beams as he cosies up to Dawn French lookalike girlfriend Lisa Makin while attending Emilia launch bash
Carol Vorderman covers extraordinary new curves with a long coat as she hits back at surgery claims and insists she's 'the same old Vorders'
Scarlett Moffatt cuts a chic figure in stylish boilersuit at Dumbo premiere... after 'confirming' new romance
Eva Green catches the eye in a glittering emerald green dress as she hits the red carpet for Dumbo European premiere in London
Love Island's Olivia Buckland nearly loses her bikini top as she is almost knocked over by a HUGE wave on Barbados break with husband Alex Bowen 
Vogue Williams shows off her slender figure in a microscopic black bikini as she applies fake tan
Pregnant Myleene Klass cradles her blossoming baby bump in pretty polka dot dress as she attends Culture and Commerce Lunch event
Kaley Cuoco is chic in black as she discusses her YouTube series The Great Travel Hack
Gemma Collins 'is set to release a heartbreak ballad about split from James Argent... after joining forces with singer Naughty Boy'
Lauren Harries is left mortified after she accidentally live broadcasts a VERY steamy moment with her new partner 
Just another day in Byron Bay! Matt Damon and his wife Luciana Barroso blend in with the locals as they visit a café during their Australian getaway
Olly Murs admits he chatted up Love Island's Zara McDermott after they were seen 'liking' each others snaps but DENIES that they are dating
Sam Faiers turns heads in a plunging jumpsuit with flirty cape as she attends jewellery bash
Catherine Zeta-Jones nails airport chic in a lilac suit and fedora hat as she arrives in New York with a TROLLEY full of suitcases
Fergie rocks leopard print heels with in a VERY racy black leather ensemble to promote her Fergalicious footwear
Kate Beckinsale, 45, steps out after hitting back at 'grandpa' David Spade, 54, when comedian mocked her love of younger men 
Camilla looks on as adorable little girl greets her with a twirl during her and Charles' one day tour of St Kitts and Nevis on their whirlwind Caribbean tour
Kate Winslet braves the strong waves as she films lesbian drama Ammonite... 22 years after starring in ocean-based disaster movie Titanic
Piers Morgan slams Jameela Jamil for 'disgusting abuse' after she labels him a 's**t stain' in a furious row about Sam Smith's gender fluidity
BAZ BAMIGBOYE: Elton John movie Rocket Man is a bit too cheeky for Hollywood as Paramount demands a naked sex scene is cut from the film 
Sienna Miller keeps things casual in oversized dungarees and black bikini top as she soaks up the sun in Mexico
Katie Price defiantly wears a KIDS' age 14 top from her children's clothing range after boyfriend Kris Boyson told her to 'lose weight'
Love Island's Georgia Harrison shows off her toned legs in a sexy blazer-inspired dress as she attends finance event
Gemma Collins reveals she's selling her old size 24 clothes for just £10 after shedding two stone during Dancing On Ice stint
Celebs Go Dating EXCLUSIVE: Jack Fowler reveals he wants to go 'official' with Kate after falling for the 'naturally sexy' Australian beauty 
Coronation Street: Fans get a behind the scenes look at Rana's VERY emotional exit... after she was crushed to death in factory roof collapse
Michael Caine continues to use his walking stick following ankle injury as he enjoys night out with wife Shakira
Now Lady Gaga is linked to Jeremy Renner after the two begin 'hanging out' after the end of her engagement
Michael Jackson will STAY in Hollywood's Hall Of Fame despite Leaving Neverland abuse controversy 
BAZ BAMIGBOYE: Anna Gunn is going coconut as Breaking Bad star hits the stage with Clive Owen for Tennessee Williams's The Night of the Iguana 
The Queen's former press secretary admits he was unimpressed by Meghan Markle's 'very American' $500,000 New York City baby shower 
Justin Bieber carries a pillow and some vitamin supplements in LA as it's revealed he's purchased a Beverly Hills mansion with Hailey
Lucy Hale cuts a stylish figure as she gets waited on hand and foot while filming new show Katy Keene in New York City
Ferne McCann and Danielle Armstrong look sensational as they flaunt their gym-honed figures in bright string bikinis for fitness shoot
Coronation Street fans are left furious as Gareth Gates RUINS emotional episode which saw Rana Habeeb die in Underworld roof collapse
Davina McCall confesses she's feeling 'wildly liberated' as she strips down to her  lingerie for hilarious Instagram clip
Kelly Brook looks stylish in a checked monochrome jumpsuit and polo neck as she sports a beaming smile while stepping out in London
Gemma Arterton slips into a structured chocolate brown satin jumpsuit for Vita and Virginia premiere in London
Coronation Street stars Kate Ford and Jack P. Shepherd head for lunch after soap's devastating Underworld roof collapse episode 
Emmerdale SPOILER: Paedophile teacher Maya Stepney to be CAUGHT in steamy tryst with teen Jacob by suspicious Tracy Metcalfe
Georgia Toffolo stands out from the crowd in a vibrant yellow and red bow tie frock as she attends Hermes exhibition launch 
Lady Kitty Spencer exudes elegance in a tailored cream trouser suit as she attends Dolce & Gabbana party in Rome
Love Island's Ellie Brown shows off the results of her recent boob job in skintight PVC mini dress at The Keeper premiere in Manchester
Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry parades her jaw-dropping curves in a navy lycra catsuit as she joins co-star Bethan Kershaw for spa day 
Tigerlily Taylor puts on a VERY leggy display in a kooky graphic fruit printed thigh slit dress as she attends fashion bash
Rita Ora displays her amazing abs in a barely-there black bikini as she boogies away in fun video clip 
Courteney Cox puts on traffic stopping display as she crosses road in skinny jeans and high heels while carrying mason jar
Scarlett Johansson enjoys family day out at Disneyland with her Saturday Night Live star boyfriend Colin Jost and beloved daughter Rose
90210 star AnnaLynne McCord cuts a chic figure in pastel pink jumpsuit as she joins her sister Rachel for lunch by the marina
Jenna Dewan reveals she is 'very happy' with beau Steve Kazee as she gushes their relationship is 'amazing'
Cindy Crawford shows off her teen cheerleading moves with pyramid formation stunt as she shares throwback picture
Priyanka Chopra pairs taupe hued blouse and trousers with teal duster coat as she steps out in NYC
'I miss those days': Courteney Cox, 54, pays a visit to THAT iconic Friends apartment in New York City  - sending fans of the show into a frenzy
Jennifer Lopez rocks chic black and white ensemble and purple sunglasses in NYC while fiance Alex Rodriguez steps out separately
RHONY's Sonja Morgan says she isn't 'happy go lucky' after emerging from Chapter 11 bankruptcy
Emma Roberts is seen solo after split from fiance Evan Peters... as her new love interest Garrett Hedlund emerges
Game of Thrones' official season 8 poster is a symbol of pure power as it blends Daenerys' dragon with the Iron Throne
Kerry Katona shows off her ample cleavage as she slips into a plunging black jumpsuit and camel coat  for beauty salon bash
Jameela Jamil hits out at 'irresponsible' Khloe Kardashian AGAIN for promoting weight loss aid as she urges the reality star to 'be smarter than this'
Hilary Duff beams as she enjoys pamper session at nail salon... days after she scared off an intruder at her home with boyfriend Matthew Koma
Jersey Shore's Pauly D and Vinny Guadagnino go shirtless as they live it up on the beach during boys getaway to Cancun ahead of joint dating show
Lupita Nyong'o looks killer in pink as she slips into eye-catching midi dress  to promote new thriller Us at Univision's Un Nuevo Dia 
Dancing On Ice star Chemmy Alcott shares tender snap as she breastfeeds son Cooper... and declares her 'boobs have never looked so good'
Brooklyn Beckham holds hands with his girlfriend Hana Cross on shopping spree after his wild worse-for-wear weekend 
Chloe and Lauryn Goodman flash the flesh in plunging lace tops as they hit the town for a night out in Birmingham 
Danielle Armstrong exhibits her eye-popping cleavage in a sports bra as she performs a series of lunges and deadlifts during intense workout
Macaulay Culkin laughed off Michael Jackson abuse allegations IN FRONT of late singer's daughter Paris
Pregnant Stacey Solomon admits she takes notes during her relationships to PROVE she's right in rows with her beau Joe Swash
Kris Jenner goes makeup-free to the salon at 6 a.m. for a trim with Jennifer Aniston's hair guru Chris McMillan... before adding glam later
The Conners season two in the works as the three main stars ink deals with ABC for the spinoff ... less than a year after Roseanne Barr got the ax
Christian Bale looks every inch the doting dad as he holds hands with his son Joseph, four during sunny stroll in LA
Nicole Richie cast in Fox comedy pilot Richard Lovely alongside Thomas Lennon and Wendie Malick
Bonnie Tyler admits she 'can't believe' she has been in the music business for fifty years as she reflects on 'long career' 
TULLY POTTER: The Magic Flute casts its spell as the English National Opera revives Mozart with a mixture of pantomime and divine inspiration
REVEALED: Moment Michael Jackson accusers Wade Robson and James Safechuck met for the first time on set of singer's 1992 video 'Jam'
Priyanka Chopra breaks her silence on 'feud' with Meghan Markle and addresses claims she skipped her baby shower because she was 'upset'
PICTURED: Kylie Jenner and Travis Scott have a family dinner with Stormi as they're seen together for the first time since cheating accusations
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley slips into a bold blue bikini and tropical flower-print swimsuit as she promotes her new M&S beach collection 
Dita Von Teese admits she feels 'fortunate' to perform burlesque in an age where she doesn't have to choose between being a 'feminist and being desired'
Peter Andre EXCL: Star reveals plans for a third baby with Emily as he labels wife a '10 out of 10' and admits he felt 'embarrassed' of his job when they first met
Megan Barton Hanson works up a sweat with her personal trainer 'rock' Matt Fiddes as ex Wes Nelson goes public with new model love interest 
Coronation Street SPOILER: Steve McDonald unwittingly becomes a GETAWAY DRIVER as he picks up armed robber in his cab
Jennifer Lopez announces her 50th birthday It's My Party Tour... days after getting engaged to Alex Rodriguez
Demi Moore watches on as ex-husband Bruce Willis renews his vows with wife Emma after 10 years of marriage in Turks and Caicos
Game of Thrones Season 8 premiere details leak online three weeks before the premiere and fans are NOT happy
TOWIE's Joey Essex is left 'FURIOUS' over Dan Edgar's 'secret holiday fling' with Chloe Sims... as long-term friends have a 'massive fall out' 
Kate Beckinsale, 45, DELETES all Instagram posts... after defending her romance with Pete Davidson, 25, on the social media platform
R.Kelly handed red rose by fan outside court as lawyers ask for more time to present plans for Dubai concerts which would help cash-strapped star
Ashley James poses in a strapless bikini and an orange cutaway swimsuit in Maldives as she celebrates ditching toxic men to enjoy single life and pizza
Liam Gallagher's Pretty Green brand could become the latest victim of the High Street bloodbath as it 'prepares to appoint administrators next week'
EXCLUSIVE: One Direction star Louis Tomlinson's stepfather sells family home for almost £1million - 18 months after the singer's mother died
Kelly Brook wears a tie-up top with high-waisted trousers as she heads to her radio show looking glamorous
Mollie King keeps things casual in a chic checked coat as she steps out with Radio 1 co-host Matt Edmondson
EXCL: R Kelly dodges NYC court hearing as lawyer for victim who says she got herpes after being raped by the singer is convicted on federal charges and facing 40 years in prison  
Christine Lampard admits she had a secret crush on 'handsome and funny' Eamonn Holmes as a teenager 
Hilary and Haylie Duff dress their little girls in matching Little Moon Society onesies for adorable family photo
Chelsee Healey dotes on daughter Coco... after breaking down over trolls' claims she's an unfit mother for frosty Celebs Go Dating behaviour
Elle Fanning auditioned to play one of Phoebe Buffay's triplets in Friends... then refused to watch sister Dakota's cameo
Michelle Pfeiffer finds her old Catwoman whip... 17 years after playing the Batman Returns villain
Strictly's Karen Clifton looks loved-up as she enjoys a lunch date and walks hand-in-hand with boyfriend David Webb in London
Andy Cohen shows off baby Benjamin's 'morning smiles' before warning fans not to criticize his parenting skills
Jennifer Lopez insists Alex Rodriguez 'loves' being an Instagram husband... as he jokes 'I have a lot of time on my hands'
Bindi Irwin dons a sweeping gown as she walks hand in hand on the beach with beau Chandler Powell 
Ben Stiller pokes fun at college admissions scandal by saying his daughter got into Yale on a football scholarship
NeNe Leakes suggests that her husband Gregg's cancer is karma from when he cheated on her and asks 'Is this the payback?' in new video
Simon Cowell shares rare photo of his son Eric as he breaks two-year long social media silence  
Neil 'Razor' Ruddock reveals he's gained MORE weight since Harry's Heroes... despite branding health woes a 'wake up call'
Vicky Pattison declares 'this is me' as she shares 'honest' make-up free selfie after feeling disappointed with her 'unrealistic' Instagram feed
Jordyn Woods reveals plans to escape cheating scandal as she prepares to jet off to London amid claims former BFF Kylie Jenner is 'over their friendship'
Holly Willoughby shows off her natural beauty as she receives microneedling facial from celebrity therapist
Justin Bieber screens $8.5m Beverly Hills starter home with a luscious forest to hide star and wife Hailey from the neighbors
Emilia Clarke shares clip thanking fans for 'sending love' after revealing she suffered two life-threatening brain aneurysms after landing role on Game Of Thrones
Brigitte Nielsen, 55, is every inch the doting mum as she steps out for a walk with husband Mattia Dessi, 40, and baby daughter Frida in Milan
Khloe Kardashian reveals the secret tool she uses to avoid breaking her extremely long nails on True's carseat buckle
Coronation Street's Lucy Fallon hilariously confronts 'foot fetish fanatics' by vowing they will 'NEVER lick her feet... unless they pay'
Priyanka Chopra wants to double date with hubby Nick Jonas' ex Miley Cyrus: 'She's amazing'
Jessica Simpson 'doing really well' after welcoming daughter Birdie into the world ... following tough pregnancy 
Piers Morgan pokes fun at Lisa Armstrong for 'agonisingly plucking his eyebrows'... as she applies his makeup in hilarious video
Miley Cyrus drenches herself in 'Drake's tears' and throws 'holy water' at her haters in fierce new bikini snaps
Little Mix's Perrie Edwards sets pulses racing as she shows off her envy-inducing figure in a skimpy bikini during Dubai getaway
EastEnders SPOILER: Stacey breaks down as she comes face to face with her pal Ruby's rapist in intense trial
Sian Welby slips into a trendy silver shirt and leather trousers as she joins pal Lizzie Cundy for London night out
Selena Gomez poses among a sea of pink balloons to celebrates her best friend's birthday with gal pals
Khloe Kardashian posts charming photo of True in a floral headpiece... after admitting her baby was 'worth' the struggles with Tristan Thompson
Carrie Underwood's husband Mike Fisher celebrates after becoming an American citizen
Adriana Lima and Josephine Skriver turn the sidewalk into a catwalk while shooting a make-up advert on location in New York
Zac Efron and Amanda Seyfried sign on to voice Fred and Daphne in new Scooby-Doo animated movie
Halsey makes surprise appearance as she joins her new boyfriend Yungblud on stage to perform duet at Radio 1 gig
Casey Batchelor shows off her sizzling abs in TINY bikinis as she admits she didn't have the confidence to post holiday snaps before her weight loss
Haley Lu Richardson dishes about her very spontaneous proposal to fiancé Brett Dier: 'Nothing was planned'
Nigella Lawson turns tech goddess as she launches a 'fabulous' food photography app to rival Instagram 
Jordan Peele's new thriller Us earns $7.4m from previews and is on track for a $65m opening weekend... despite costing just $20m to make
Kaia Gerber shares a mirror selfie while displaying her phone cover message: 'social media harms your mental health'
Uma Thurman cuts a chic figure in a blazer and leather trousers as she attends Cradle of Champions premiere in London
Kristin Cavallari 'so excited' to host reboot of Paradise Hotel dating series
Kaley Cuoco admits 'I'll be crying the entire time' as she prepares to film the final episode of The Big Bang Theory
Behati Prinsloo says husband Adam Levine is 'so cool' in a sultry Instagram post for his 40th birthday
Mandy Moore is the epitome of understated elegance as she rocks chic grey coat with bright bag
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, 31, and Jason Statham, 51, look every inch the happy couple during casual stroll with their sweet son Jack
Hailey Baldwin keeps it comfortable in crop top and sweatpants while leaving Pilates... after husband Justin Bieber bought $8.5m Beverly Hills home
Jennifer Garner busts out A Groovy Kind of Love on the saxophone dressed as 'band geek' for Reese Witherspoon's 43rd birthday 
EXCL: Lionel Richie says he's far from retirement ahead of 70th birthday as he urges those with fame and fortune to give back to charity
Hilary and Haylie Duff dress their baby girls in matching rainbow onesies for adorable family photo
Elle Fanning dances up a storm while filming new music video for upcoming movie Teen Spirit 
RHOA star Porsha Williams welcomes a baby girl with fiance Dennis McKinley
Chance the Rapper endorses Democrat Toni Preckwinkle for mayor of his hometown Chicago
NeNe Leakes wonders if Gregg's cancer is 'karma' from when he cheated on her: 'Is this the payback?' 
Rooney PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bikini-clad Coleen looks relaxed and happy as she enjoys romantic beach walk with Wayne during break in Barbados
Mel B pictured preparing to drop her sex bombshell: Singer strutted through London hours before  her shock admission that she slept with Geri 
Louis Tomlinson is seen for the first time since sister Félicité's death as he celebrates twin sisters' 16th birthday with a family go karting trip 
Inside Rochelle Humes' lavish 30th birthday celebrations: Star treats her famous friends to luxury getaway at Soho Farmhouse 
Fleur East reveals she is engaged to boyfriend of nine years Marcel Badiane-Robin after he proposed in their hotel room in Tokyo
How to have great hair days EVERY day (even if your hair's seen better days) without the time and expense of visiting a salon!
Kady McDermott shows off figure in a blue bikini during Maldives getaway.. as she reveals boyfriend Myles Barnett left huge love bite on her CHIN
Love Island's Olivia Buckland displays her incredible curves in a high-rise yellow bikini as she goes snorkelling on Barbados break
Rebekah Vardy displays her toned physique in white bikini as she enjoys idyllic family getaway with husband Jamie and their children in Dubai
Khloe and her sister Kourtney Kardashian attend brother-in-law Kanye West's popular Sunday Service in Los Angeles 
Mike Thalassitis' friends launch £25,000 fundraiser to cover the cost of his funeral so the Love Island star's family don't have to 'face anything alone'
Pete Wicks reveals he has been supporting Megan McKenna in the wake of Mike Thalassitis' death and warns future TV stars to assess the risks of fame
Khloe Kardashain sets pulses racing as she breaks out a sweat in electrifying new Instagram photo  
Coronation Street SPOILER: Steve McDonald abducted and THREATENED at knife point after unwittingly becoming getaway driver for villain
Dani Dyer reveals she and beau Jack Fincham live in separate homes as they're 'building their relationship back up slowly' following brief split
Sophie Turner insists she has only told the ending of Game of Thrones to two people including her fiancé Joe Jonas 
She's one cool kid! Mia Tindall enjoys an ice cream with mum Zara Phillips during family day out at Gatcombe Park Horse Trials
Kris Jenner wishes pal Tommy Hilfiger a Happy 68th Birthday after he treated her to a ride on his private jet: 'You are the kindest friend'
50 Cent's ex Daphne Joy shows off her toned figure as she models a dark green bathing suit during a dream vacation in Bali
Caroline Flack displays her incredible figure in a bandeau bikini as she enjoys a beer on the beach with Ashley Roberts in Dubai
Barbra Streisand FINALLY issues a full apology for defending friend Michael Jackson after claiming his two accusers 'wanted to be there'
Justin Bieber lounges with his dog in the park as he is blamed for tourist influx to an Icelandic canyon causing its closure
Lori Loughlin's daughter Olivia Jade still has a friend in YouTube star David Dobrik: 'She is a strong girl and she's a smart girl, so she'll be good'
Cheryl reunites with Girls Aloud's Kimberley Walsh and Nicola Roberts as they ring in Rochelle Humes' 30th at star-studded bash
Liam Payne reveals he and Cheryl are planning 'a big party' for Bear as he says he celebrated son's second birthday with family BEFORE jetting to Dubai for work
Barbara Windsor 'struggles to remember her friends' names' as her battle with Alzheimer's continues says her EastEnders co-star Kellie Shirley
Ariel Winter models pink off-the-shoulder top while hanging out with her friend Joe Kaprielian in Los Angeles 
Gisele Bundchen shares photo from ski trip in Montana with husband Tom Brady... after fans begged him to 'please be safe' on slopes
Alessandra Ambrosio spoils her fans with more stunning bathing suit photos as the model continues to plug her flirty GAL Floripa line
Ben Affleck puts unicorn headband over his eyes while goofing around with his three kids as he enjoys a lunch outing in Los Angeles
Nick Jonas and his new wife Priyanka Chopra cuddle in Miami as he says 'you are my sunshine my only sunshine'
Danny Dyer beams with delight as he enjoys a rare outing with wife Joanne Mas and son Arty, five, at the Wonder Park screening in London
Nadia Essex shows off her curves in black swimsuit with mesh detailing as she soaks up the sun in Malaga
Mark Wahlberg asks fans to 'pray for him' now that there are two teenagers in his home... after his youngest son turns 13 
Lesley Joseph 'hits out at BBC bosses for including footage of her breaking wind in a religious documentary'
Paris Jackson is 'feeling better' and planning 21st birthday bash... after alleged suicide attempt
Amanda Holden leads the stars as she takes part in the London Landmarks half marathon
Michelle Heaton enjoys family time at Wonder Park screening... just HOURS after taking part in the London Landmarks half marathon
Katie Holmes is bundled up for the cold in NYC... after  humanitarian trip to Greece with daughter Suri Cruise
Reality TV's death toll revealed: 38 stars are feared to have taken their own lives worldwide since 1986
Spice Girls reunion tour 'feared to be in jeopardy' as Mel B 'makes panicked call to Geri Halliwell to apologise' after shock sex confession 
Spice Girls' Geri Horner gushes Mel B has 'great boobs and an amazing bottom' in unearthed interview... after their secret fling is revealed
Clueless stars Alicia Silverstone, Paul Rudd, Donald Faison and Breckin Meyer send fans wild as they reunite at C2E2... 24 years after hit movie was released 
Fearne Cotton jokes she bought a super-king bed because she doesn't want Jesse Woods 'anywhere near her' as she speaks out on chaotic family home
Ferne McCann puts on a leggy display in a ruffle satin minidress as she heads on raucous night out for sister Sophie's hen do
Casey Batchelor flaunts sensational figure in tiny orange bikini as she soaks up the sun in Tenerife
American Idol vet Chikezie Eze says his estranged ex-wife vanished with their two children ONE YEAR ago and he has no idea where she is
Charles and Camilla say goodbye to Barbados with a trip to church before jetting to Cuba for their historic royal visit 
Oprah Winfrey reveals TV bosses told her she was a 'terrible' news anchor - as she reveals her tips on how to become a success
Luke Perry's daughter says she misses her father 'a little extra today' in a heartbreaking Instagram post as she shares never-seen-before photo
Dubai denies R Kelly's claims that he has concerts planned there after the disgraced star asked a judge if he could travel to the country 
'Stand up for yourself': Moment rapper T.I. slams man in the street for wearing Gucci after blackface scandal telling him 'it's what's in you, not what's on you'
Sandra Dee of Gidget fame suffered 'tremendous heartbreak' from Bobby Darin divorce... after being sexually abused by her stepfather for years
Kathy Griffin still receiving death threats two years after controversial Trump mask photo
Tyga takes son King Cairo to the Kids' Choice Awards... while the child's mother Blac Chyna shares a sexy image in purple to Instagram
Isabela Moner stands out at Kids' Choice Awards in light pink dress as trailer for her film Dora And The Lost City Of Gold debuts
Ant McPartlin and Lisa Armstrong's divorce battle reaches deadlock amid claims she REFUSES to sign an NDA
Mila Kunis appears to be in a serious mood as she steps out in LA in green and blue outfit
Jordan Peele's new thriller Us breaks horror movie records with a whopping $70.3m as it tops the weekend box office
'If we're honest about sexuality, most people are on a spectrum': Ben Whishaw, 38, admits he struggled with being gay in his twenties and 'hated' himself
Hello sunshine! Kendall Jenner flaunts her amazing figure in tiny yellow bikini
Taylor Hill flaunts her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in leather ensemble for night at Peppermint Club
The diligent Duchess! Meghan 'planning her return from maternity leave' with appearance at a charity summit just SIX MONTHS after her due date 
The beauty Kate 'banished' from 'Turnip toffs': Duchess's rival was rumoured to be a match for William and is married to Marquess 23 years her senior
Blanca Blanco shows what she's made of in sheer net dress and scarlet underwear at Sarmy LAFW show
Katie Price enjoys family dinner with Harvey, Junior and Princess before sharing snaps the kids on Instagram
REVEALED: Dr. Dre made a $70 MILLION donation to USC after boasting his daughter got into the college 'all on her own' 
Emily Ratajkowski flashes cleavage as she goes Lone Star chic in cowboy hat and blonde wig during trip to Texas
Going strong! Sailor Brinkley-Cook shows off her bikini body and packs on the PDA with boyfriend Ben Sosne at Sydney's Coogee Beach
April Love Geary and Robin Thicke bond with their new baby while she breastfeeds
Jake Gyllenhaal looks happy as he shops in NYC with his longtime friend Tom Sturridge who he is currently starring in an off-Broadway play with
Sarah Hyland shares playful makeup-free selfies from her sick bed as boyfriend Wells Adams stops by to cheer her up after her release from hospital 
Pregnant Lacey Turner proudly displays her blossoming baby bump as she watches co-star Shane Richie in Everybody's Talking About Jamie
Sienna Miller shows off her athletic figure in a mismatching bikini as she hits the beach in Mexico 
Rose Williams is seen for the first time as Charlotte Heywood as she joins Saoirse Ronan in Somerset to film ITV's adaptation of Jane Austen's Sanditon
Jennifer Hudson turns heads in statement trousers as she matches the orange carpet at the Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards
Ireland Baldwin shows off her natural beauty as she goes makeup-free in midriff-baring ensemble while running errands
Hilary Duff dotes on baby daughter Banks as she steps out to run errands with boyfriend Matthew Koma
A home that hits all the right notes: Stunning former recording studio where Robbie Williams, David Bowie and U2 once played goes on sale for £3.85m 
Kids' Choice Awards 2019: Joey King, Janelle Monae and Kiernan Shipka turn up the star power on the red carpet
Will Smith teases fans with new Aladdin trailer before he gets drenched in green slime on stage at 2019 Kids' Choice Awards
Fuller House's Candace Cameron Bure and Jodie Sweetin accept Kids' Choice Award... and appear to hint at Lori Loughlin amid bribery scandal
Bebe Rexha is electrifying in neon yellow coat as she mingles with stars at Kids' Choice Awards
Shazam teaser debuts at Kids Choice Awards with stars Zackary Levi, Asher Angel and Jack Dylan Grazer introducing the footage on stage
Kylie Jenner and the Jonas Brothers help open the 2019 Kids' Choice Awards with a recorded segment 
Kim Kardashian's daughter North West set to star in YouTube video alongside teen sensation JoJo Siwa
Zayn Malik apologises for 'being a s**t person' in a now-deleted tweet amid Louis Tomlinson's claims their friendship soured following the death of his mother
Ferne McCann and Love Island's Jack Fowler spark romance rumours as they enjoy night out in Essex
Never Mind Bohemian Rapsody, Here's The Sex Pistols: Punk pioneers will be the next band to hit the big screen after Queen biopic took £600m
Love Island's Dani Dyer and Jack Fincham 'rent £650k Essex home just minutes away from her dad Danny and mum Joanne Mas'
Love Island's Kaz Crossley reveals how peppermint oil can act as a natural alternative to lip fillers - and how she uses ORANGE lipstick to tackle eye bags 
Gordon Ramsay demands his children 'f*** off to another chef' for a job... as he REFUSES to hire any of his 'snowflake generation' brood 
Amy Adams holds hands with her daughter as the whole family has breakfast in Beverly Hills
Chris Pratt enjoys a lunch date with fiancee Katherine Schwarzenegger and her family... as they continue making wedding plans
Dr. Dre throws shade at college admissions scandal as he reveals daughter Truly was accepted into USC 'all on her own': 'No jail time!'
Victoria star Jenna Coleman 'is treated like a REAL queen on set playing the titular monarch'... as series makes its long-awaited return
Busy Philipps goes casual-cool in floral skirt and denim jacket for day of shopping with husband Mark Silverstein
Poldark's Aidan Turner reveals the VERY surprising secret behind his famously ripped physique which leaves viewers swooning
Jameela Jamil hits out at Kris Jenner for promoting weight loss aid... as she vows to 'keep embarrassing' stars who plug the controversial products
Jennifer Garner rocks red statement 'Love' shirt during day at nail salon... as ex-husband Ben Affleck supervises their children 
Kym Marsh credits her sweet daughter Polly, eight, for 'bringing her light through such darkness' and reveals she was a 'gift' from her late baby son Archie
Alec Baldwin has his hands full as the 60-year-old takes a family stroll with Hilaria and their four kids
David Beckham's sister's ex-husband claims he tried to take his own life following a 'family dispute'
Kate Wright makes the perfect step-mum as she throws incredible birthday party for Rio Ferdinand's daughter Tia, 8
Justin Bieber and Hailey Baldwin look upbeat in casual-cool ensembles as they pick up some take-out food
The Bachelorette vet Becca Kufrin is a vision in coral as she supports shirtless fiance Garrett Yrigoyen during his Chippendales guest stint
Jojo Siwa gives moving speech despite getting 'hated on every single day for looking different' following KCA win
'We do two week shifts and then we go home and recharg': Metallica drummer reveals how the US rockers overcome mental health struggles
Emmerdale's Amy Walsh admits she would 'think twice' about saving someone from a violent attack because she'd fear being stabbed amid soaring knife crime
Khloe Kardashian takes True out in stroller... as Tristan Thompson shares video to social media where he's listening to song about 'secrets'
Chris Pratt is the first to be slimed after winning Favorite Butt-Kicker at the Kids' Choice Awards
Idris Elba reveals father's tragic passing from lung cancer reminded him that we only get 'one life' 
Stephen Merchant transforms into the terrifying 'Grindr serial killer' Stephen Port in latest look at The Barking Murders
Miley Cyrus strips nude and hangs out with a dog in the desert in a new Instagram photo
Dora And The Lost City Of Gold trailer reveals first footage of Isabela Moner as the teenage explorer
Adele and BFF Jennifer Lawrence play drinking games on raucous girls' night out at New York City gay bar before collapsing in a heap with laughter
Katherine Ryan shows off her figure in series of sexy snaps on Maldives break... after admitting she gets 'sent a LOT of d**k pics' from potential suitors
Inside Corrie star Sam Aston's Scottish stag do: Actor dons a ginger wig and kilt for boozy antics with co-star Alan Halsall ahead of impending nuptials
Billie Faiers sends fans wild as they liken her to Kim Kardashian after she swaps her blonde locks for dramatic silver-hued wig
Bella Hadid cuts a stylish figure in printed shirt and white jeans as she strolls the streets of Paris 
Ashley Graham reveals her new hot pink one-piece swimsuit that was created for women of all sizes 'to feel sexy' is now available
Eva Mendes reveals she would work with beau Ryan Gosling again 'in a heartbeat'
EastEnders SPOILER: Ben Mitchell clashes with dad Phil as he makes a shocking discovery in first look at return
Danniella Westbrook 'undergoes glamorous makeover as she prepares to film update for The Jeremy Kyle Show from inside rehab'
Will Smith unites with Aladdin co-stars Naomi Scott and Mena Massoud at Kids Choice Awards in LA
Heidi Montag shines in a yellow tank top as she enjoys quality family time with husband Spencer Pratt and son Gunner at Kids' Choice Awards
Kiernan Shipka looks pretty in a sparkly bodice dress at the 2019 Kids' Choice Awards
Charlotte Crosby puts on a leggy display in a tiny black bardot dress as she arrives hand-in-hand with beau Joshua Ritchie on night out
Emma Thompson cuts a casual figure in denim dungarees as she hangs out backstage at The Tina Turner Musical
Alessandra Ambrosio is ready for spring in her form-fitting white bikini from her new line GAL Floripa as she poses on the beach
Rocketman director slams claims a gay sex scene has been CUT from the Elton John biopic and insists the film will be a 'no holds barred' production
Vicky Pattison gushes that she 'loves her mum with all her tiny heart' as the pair enjoy relaxing spa weekend
Prodigy fans invited to line a 1.7mile long procession route ahead of funeral service for singer Keith Flint
Caroline Flack shows off her taut stomach in a bandeau bikini as she hits the beach with Ashley Roberts in Dubai
Kady McDermott sizzles in a skimpy pink bikini as she shows off her gym-honed figure during Maldives getaway with beau Myles Barnett
Gemma Atkinson cradles her baby bump during work out as she jokes 'some days she goes to the gym and others she eats pasta and cries'
Padma Lakshmi, 48, rocks tiny blue bikini revealing her toned abs in a sweet Instagram with her daughter
Love Island's Kendall Rae-Knight flaunts her figure in busty grey silk frock as she joins co-stars Ellie Brown and Stephanie Lam for a night out
Reese Witherspoon looks lovely in a floral print dress and a bag from her own line as she thanks fans for 'sweet' birthday messages 
Love Island's Mike Thalassitis' restaurant WILL open as planned following his death aged 26... as his partner insists 'he'd wanted the place to be a success'
Julia Roberts owns up to her strict parenting style, revealing she has BANNED her three kids from social media while limiting their TV watching
Jane Seymour, 68, is proud of her age and refuses to get Botox: 'I've got plenty of wrinkles but I still feel sexy'
Paul McCartney delightedly greets his fans during his world tour as he emerges from hotel
Dynasty: Nicollette Sheridan burns bright as Alexis Carrington in her final  appearance before major recasting
Will Arnett shares passionate kiss with longtime interior designer girlfriend Elizabeth Law out in LA
Caitlyn Jenner, 69, supports Kanye West in Yeezy slides as she steps out with partner Sophia Hutchins, 22, in Malibu
Liam Payne jets to Dubai on Bear's second birthday... as singer's hectic schedule clashes with son's milestone AGAIN 
How cleaning helps me fight off panic attacks - by Mrs Hinch, the Instagram superstar who's made housework glamorous
Keri Russell appears to be in great spirits as she rings in her 43rd birthday during solo outing around NYC
Malin Andersson reveals her late baby daughter Consy 'would have been three months old today'... after hinting she's split from beau Tom Kemp again 
Christina Anstead shows off her small baby bump while grocery shopping... a day after announcing her pregnancy with Ant Anstead
Billie Faiers looks chic as she enjoys girls day out with glam sister Sam and their daughters Nelly and Rosie
Jenna Dewan looks fit in revealing sports bra for new Instagram post promoting her dance wear line  
Love Island's Samira Mighty confirms romance with Ibiza Weekender's Alex Dean as they lock lips during their first public appearance as a couple
Farrah Abraham nearly busts out of her mini dress as she dotes over an adorable dog
Kirsten Dunst is seen alone in Hollywood... after it's claimed her ex Garrett Hedlund is dating Emma Roberts
RHOBH star Dorit Kemsley shoots down season nine premise that she's mistreating her dog in a social media onslaught: 'LIES, LIES, LIES!!!'
'He thought it was fine to say I'd put on weight!' Olivia Buckland sizzles in tiny bikini during Barbados break... before she is FAT-SHAMED by beach vendor 
Kate's 'clash with best friend': Duchess of Cambridge has 'terrible falling out' with ex-model and tells Prince William to 'phase her out of their inner circle' 
Gemma Collins rocks a retro Burberry number as James Argent serenades her during boozy night out in Tenerife
Olivia Culpo flashes her cleavage and legs as she wears nothing but a fur blanket on a balcony above Times Square in NYC
P Diddy posts sweet message to his late ex Kim Porter saying their twin daughters look and act just like her
Love Island's Jack Fincham hits back at 'horrible person' who left 'hurtful' comments on beloved girlfriend Dani Dyer's holiday snaps
Kim Kardashian and Kanye West sell Yeezys at lemonade stands nationwide to benefit mental health organization... and even recruit their kids
Miley Cyrus holds onto a dog as she parties with Lisa Vanderpump  at the Tom Tom bar in West Hollywood
Ashlee Simpson says the birth of sister Jessica's third child Birdie has given her 'baby fever': 'Oh my gosh, she is so cute'
Stephen Curry throws wife Ayesha a surprise 30th birthday with an epic guest list of stars
Katie Price looks VERY busty in a revealing gold swimsuit in Thailand as Kieran Hayler gushes over his girlfriend Michelle Penticost amid playground drama
Katie Holmes takes her daughter Suri to visit a refugee camp in Greece: 'Their hearts are so kind'
Kristen Bell says she is 'extraordinarily happy' her husband Dax Shepard has stayed sober for 14 years
Game Of Thrones' Aidan Gillen hints murdered Littlefinger is ALIVE... as he REFUSES to rule out fans' theory he will return for final season in twist 
Jacqueline Jossa proudly shows off her wedding ring as she joins daughters Ella and Mia at fashion event... after Dan Osborne 'cheating' claims
Miley Cyrus rocks on trend PVC biker jacket with edgy jeans as she leaves LA dinner in high spirits
Heidi Klum, 45, proves she still has abs as she slips into a black lace bra while modeling millions of dollars worth of emerald-and-diamond jewelry
Katie Holmes and daughter Suri Cruise, 12, are seen leaving Greece after visiting refugee camps
Lea Michele shows off her incredible bikini body as she enjoys her honeymoon with new husband Zandy Reich
Coronation Street's Jennie McAlpine reveals she has no plans to ever leave the soap as she brands her role the 'easiest job in the world'
My lesbian fling with Spice Girl bandmate Geri: Mel B finally clears up 25 years of rumours and tells Piers Morgan sexual encounters DID happen 
Corrie's Faye Brookes 'is MOCKED by co-stars for milking the limelight'... as she shares praise for her acting following factory collapse episode
TOWIE's Clelia Theodorou flaunts her incredible abs in blue string bikini as she shares sensational Thailand throwback snap
Louise Redknapp oozes glamour in barely-there mini as she hits the town for star-studded night at Annabel's
Kate Wright swaps her gruelling workouts and clean eating for a well-deserved 'cheat day' as she shares snap with STACKS of pizza
The Bachelorette's Trista and Ryan Sutter share their marriage secrets... 15 years after appearing on the show
Kelly Ripa posts yet another image of husband Mark Consuelos' body much to the embarrassment of her daughter Lola
Jordyn Woods returns to the party scene in plunging top and miniskirt as she's seen out for the first time since Tristan Thompson cheating scandal 
Georgia Toffolo dazzles in ballgown with risqué sheer bodice while protecting her modesty with aptly placed beads at Blenheim Palace ball
Khloe Kardashian's daughter True and Kim Kardashian's son Saint enjoy playdate... after ex-pal Jordyn Woods flashes her chest during LA outing
Gigi Hadid ditches the makeup and ties her hair up in a ponytail as she leaves NYC gym in a Reebok outfit with coffee in hand
Barbra Streisand sparks outrage for saying Michael Jackson's accusers were 'THRILLED to be there', his 'sexual needs were his sexual needs
Lucy Hale displays her slender pins in chic red mini dress and matching coat as she shoots Riverdale spin-off in NYC
Lana Del Rey puts on an animated display in barely-there sequin dress as she takes to the stage at Mardi Gras World
Tamzin Outhwaite says she's 'surrounding herself with positivity' as cheating ex husband Tom Ellis celebrates wedding shower with fianceé Meaghan
TOWIE's Chloe Sims heads to a yoga class with co-star Georgia Kousoulou after confirming Dan Edgar romance and saying he could be 'The One'
Emily Ratajkowski poses in a silver sequinned tasseled bra as she styles a cowgirl hat and a blonde wig in Texas 
Olivia Buckland slips her enviable curves into a nude barely-there bikini in Barbados after being FAT-SHAMED during her getaway with Alex Bowen
Empire actor Jussie Smollett insists he has been truthful about his 'race hate attack' from the start after all 16 felony charges against him are DROPPED
'I look like me, but better!' We asked three women with beauty concerns to test out the skin-loving make-up brand which covers AND cares - and they were blown away with the results!
'I loved Selena... but Hailey is my bride': Justin Bieber angrily hits out at sick' fan who accused him of marrying Baldwin to get back at ex Gomez
Suzi Quatro RAGES at Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield over This Morning spelling blunder 
Jennifer Lawrence is chic in black coat as she joins her fiance Cooke Maroney for a Mexican lunch then a matinee movie during relaxed day in NYC
GoT's Maisie Williams and Sophie Turner were friends from the moment they met... as screen sisters reflect on depression, anxiety and growing up in public
TOWIE EXCL: Demi Sims has found herself 'in the centre of drama' with Sam Mucklow's bitter ex Shelby Tribble as she enjoys a 'mates' date' with the hunk
Kim Kardashian's ex-husband Kris Humphries says 'relationship was 100% real' and admitted he was in a 'dark place' following their divorce
Ant McPartlin and Anne-Marie Corbett carry their Maltipoo puppies as they join Labrador Hurley amid claims Lisa Armstrong divorce is in 'deadlock'
EXCLUSIVE: Christine McGuinness 'thought doctors were wrong' as she talks battle to accept her kids' autism diagnosis and 'great' marriage to Paddy
Revealed: The best - and most heartwarming - advice Mum ever gave me (and how YOU can spoil yours this Mother's Day!)
Mel B is seen for the first time since shock Geri Halliwell sex confession... as she insists she has smoothed things over with her bandmate 
Katie Price: My Crazy Life teaser: Kris Boyson insists couple have dinner in their underwear 'so they won't eat as much'... after fat-shaming her 
Paris Jackson posts video of herself smoking from bong at 4:20am... a week before 21st birthday bash
Liam Neeson 'airbrushed out of Queen's University Belfast prospectus' after admitting he looked for a black man to attack 
Chris Martin 'files a restraining order against deranged stalker who's convinced they're dating as he fears for the safety of  Dakota Johnson'
Iskra Lawrence displays her sensational physique in sizzling white two-piece as she frolics on Miami Beach during fun-filled shoot 
AP McCoy goes shirtless as he wears bright orange swimming shorts and soaks up the sun with friends in Barbados
Stephanie Davis cosies up to shirtless boyfriend Owen Warner on Barcelona break as details of her harrowing new Hollyoaks storyline emerge
Jordyn Woods seems to be taking a page from ex-friend Kylie Jenner's celebrity playbook by modeling a blonde wig in London
Nick Jonas looks like Mr Suave as he films a music video with scantily clad dancers in front of a Ferrari in Miami
Little Mix enjoy a sweet group hug as they grant wishes for seriously ill fans at Rays of Sunshine charity event
Johnny Vegas reveals the secret to his incredible FIVE STONE weight loss transformation as he insists he has 'NOT been on a diet' 
Jason Donovan's daughter Jemma, 18, lands a role on Neighbours... as she becomes THIRD family member to star on the Australian soap
Megan McKenna makes rare appearance as Mike Thalassitis' manager claims the late star was 'struggling' over their split after 'really falling for her' 
Emmerdale SPOILER: Paedophile Maya and teen Jacob are FINALLY caught by dad David... as he returns from holiday early
Channing Tatum debuts newly-shaved head while grocery shopping in LA with girlfriend Jessie J
Jana Kramer's husband Mike Caussin admits he attempted to cheat on his wife again even though he has been in sex addiction treatment for 3 years
TOWIE's Chloe Sims, 36, CONFIRMS she's dating Dan Edgar, 28, and delightedly claims the hunk 'could be the one'
Prince Philip takes the reins of a horse-drawn carriage as he travels along a public road near the Sandringham estate after giving up his driving licence
Billie Faiers shows off her bridal body in tight leggings as she heads to the gym for the 'first time in three weeks' after Maldives wedding 
Eva Longoria brings her 'future director' baby son Santiago on set as she gets to work filming for her new project 
Love Island's Alexandra Cane shares a VERY candid snap of her 'bloating' as she reveals the 'nightmare' effect  food intolerances have on her stomach
Uma Thurman cuts a chic figure in a leather bomber jacket as she makes a stylish entrance at the Series Mania Festival in Lille
Piers Morgan admits Mel B's Geri Halliwell sex confession was 'an extraordinary' moment as he never expected Spice Girl to drop the bombshell
Rita Ora opts for Barbie Girl chic with peroxide locks and a hot pink top in NYC... after sparking reunion rumours with Andrew Watt after hotel stay 
Supergirl's Amy Jackson looks incredible in bridal shoot after announcing engagement to multi-millionaire George Panayiotou
Elisabeth Hasselbeck attacks Rosie O'Donnell for 'offensive' admission she had a 'crush' on her while filming The View
EXCLUSIVE:  Wendy Williams was found drunk and 'in a bad way' and rushed to the hospital for a 'banana bag' of IV fluids to sober up 
Rochelle Humes admits she has only 'just' recovered from wild 30th (and Schofe doesn't even remember getting home!)
Celebs On The Ranch FIRST look: Georgia Steel, Tanya Bardsley and Courtney Green saddle up as they join ten stars in Arizona for new show
Kelly Brook displays her sensational curves in knitted pink jumper and silk skirt as she heads to Heart Radio gig
Lucy Hale stands out in hot pink as she films the Riverdale spinoff Katy Keene in New York City
Jared Leto swigs from a hip flask as he is seen in character as Dr Stephen Morbius on the set of Spider-Man spin-off in Manchester for the first time 
Khloe Kardashian says it's just 'you and I' as single mom shares sweet selfie with daughter True
Vanessa Feltz, 57, unveils the results of her THREE STONE weight loss after admitting she used to 'cheat' her gastric band by 'drinking custard'
Christie Brinkley looks fabulous at 65 as she shows off her chic style while preparing to reboot her role as Roxie Hart in Chicago
Maya Rudolph has fun with friends at Disneyland... after her hilarious appearance with Amy Poehler at the Golden Globes
Made In Chelsea star Charlie Mills is banned from the roads for 18 months after downing  gin then calling police himself when he fell out of his Range Rover 
Troop Beverly Hills cast, including Tori Spelling and Shelley Long, reunite 30 years after movie's release
Holly Willoughby leaves fans in hysterics as she screams 'WILLY' during Blockbusters game... before getting the giggles with Phillip Schofield over gaffe
Inside Sarah Jayne Dunn's home: Hollyoaks star shares snaps of her cosy Cheshire house with a state-of-the-art kitchen, huge garden and pet pug
The One Where Emma Grows Up: Friends fans left SHOCKED as they discover the bratty twins from horror movie Us played Rachel and Ross' baby daughter
Julia Roberts, 51, hung out with prostitutes on Hollywood Boulevard to prepare for her role as a hooker in Pretty Woman
Revealed: How Victoria Beckham gets her glow with a £1,100 facial complete with crushed pearls and CAVIAR delivered by an A-list dermatologist
Avengers: Endgame runtime revealed to be a staggering THREE HOURS... as fans gear up for longest Marvel flick
Meghan Markle's former co-star reveals she filmed an 'outrageous' 2011 comedy about 'sex, drugs, and bad behavior' 
Lily-Rose Depp cuts a casual figure as she joins mother Vanessa Paradis and her husband Samuel Benchetrit for Parisian lunch
Kerry Katona claims 'sweet' Victoria Beckham secretly phoned her to offer support after she split from husband Brian McFadden in 2004 
Josie Gibson reveals she's lost TWO STONE and three dress sizes in just 12 weeks after she 'lost control' over her pregnancy cravings 
Duncan James transforms into his Rocky Horror Show role as Frank-N-Furter... complete with a red sequin corset and fishnet suspenders  
Demi Rose displays her famous curves in sizzling bikini snaps as she soaks up culture and enjoys a dip in the Dead Sea during trip to Israel
Saoirse Ronan gets into character as Charlotte Murchison during heated scene with Kate Winslet on the set of Ammonite... after film is slammed 
Elizabeth Hurley, 53, looks typically glam in a chic black dress for night out after discussing the hysteria behind THAT iconic 1994 Versace look
Beyonce's sister Solange Knowles said she had to 'learn to accept' her body... after twerking in a bikini to Ariana Grande's music
Vogue Williams slips into a selection of striking race day attire as she horses around as brand ambassador for the Epsom Derby
Hilary Duff boasts about gorgeous nursery in New York... after sharing Banks' intimate water birth video
Zara Holland likens Love Island to a 'posh prison' and laments not being able to 'escape' show's 'controlled environment' in a scathing critique
Future King of the road: Charles drives Camilla in 1953 open-top MG to British classic car event in Cuban capital Havana during Royal Caribbean tour 
Louise Redknapp, 44, insists she's 'not scared to be sexy as a mother' while posing in a tight bodysuit for sizzling new shoot 
Lydia Bright poses underwater in a halterneck bikini as she takes a break during work trip to Majorca 
Coronation Street star Alison King goes makeup free to pick up groceries in Cheshire... ahead of Carla Connor's ARREST for factory roof collapse 
Justin Bieber admires wife Hailey Baldwin as she lounges in bed wearing skimpy tank top and sexy underwear: 'Hi lover'
Drew Barrymore is 'just me' as she shares make-up free selfie with pure vitamin E oil on her face
EXCLUSIVE: Harry Styles dances with Stella McCartney and Sharleen Spiteri as Childish Gambino performs before 'leaving with mystery girl'
Priyanka Chopra shows off her incredible bikini body as she takes to the waves with husband Nick Jonas in Miami
Susanna Reid, 48, confesses early starts on GMB caused weight to 'pile on quickly'... yet quitting booze and snacks helped improve her BMI
Petra Nmcová displays her cleavage in a plunging silver jumpsuit as she models new jewellery range created exclusively for Cannes Film Festival
Caroline Flack slips into a black bandeau bikini and says she's 'feeling the love' as she hits the beach on girls' trip to Dubai with Ashley Roberts 
Kris Boyson reveals he once 'ran in front of a car after hitting rock bottom' and admits Katie Price 'also suffers' as he discusses his battle with depression
TOWIE EXCLUSIVE: Georgia Kousoulou admits Mike Thalassitis' suicide 'really shook me up' as Tommy Mallet 'was in that place' in mental health battle
Elizabeth Hurley, 53, recreates THAT iconic 1994 Versace look in  new shoot as she admits she was 'unprepared' for fuss the dress would cause
'It was just a little thing we giggled about!' Mel B shares more details of her night with Geri Halliwell - and says she is shocked that people think it's 'a big deal'
Love Island's Dani Dyer parades her sensational figure in a red bikini as she posts throwbacks from Thailand beach getaway
Louis Tomlinson's sister Lottie hopes her late mother Johannah Deakin is 'celebrating' with sister Félicité as she shares birthday tribute
'Woke up to a popped belly!': Bachelor in Paradise star Jade Roper shows off her bump on Hawaii trip with husband Tanner and daughter Emerson
Coleen Rooney 'demands Wayne stick to her new rules including a video games ban, family dinners and date nights to save their marriage'
Wham! guitarist Andrew Ridgeley, 56, revisits a favourite look from his 80s pop star days as he steps out in a tartan suit
David Beckham takes advantage of the warm weather as he goes cross-country quad-biking with children Harper, Brooklyn and model Hana Cross
Primrose Hill Set UNITE! Kate Moss, Sadie Frost and Davinia Taylor gather for Meg Mathews' 53rd birthday
Penny Lancaster, 47, holds hands with husband Rod Stewart, 74, as they enjoy a day of shopping in Paris
GMB's Susanna Reid recoils in shock as Richard Arnold unexpectedly shoves her finger in his MOUTH
Harry and Meghan TV movie sequel 'Becoming Royal' will address her wedding drama, family feud and 'misunderstood' relationship with Kate
Coronation Street SPOILER: Carla Connor is ARRESTED for Rana Habeeb's manslaughter... as residents blame her for factory roof collapse
Jared Leto wears fluffy black slippers as he hits the Chiltern Firehouse as production of Spider-Man spin-off Morbius begins
'Hen-pecked' Harry made to 'banish' former wingman Tom Inskip because the royal's friend advised him NOT to marry Meghan, Tatler claims
Plus-size model Tess Holliday shows off her sunburned stomach in a topless photo, as she reveals she got the 'farmer's tan' after wearing a crop top at an animal rescue
Alex Rodriguez is accused of cheating on J Lo AGAIN by sexting a British Playboy model and begging for threesomes six weeks before he proposed
TOWIE EXCLUSIVE: Courtney Green admits she is 'HAPPY' ex Myles Barnett and Kady McDermott were axed.. and talks pal Megan McKenna's grief 
Love Island stars Kaz Crossley and Theo Campbell spark romance rumours as they enjoy Thailand getaway
Davinia Taylor, 41, looks a far cry from her wild party girl heyday as she enjoys her pal Meg Mathews' birthday in London
Stevie Wonder is announced as the final headline act of BST festival 2019 with special guest Lionel Richie
Joan Collins, 85, exudes sophistication in a leopard print jacket and a demure black dress as she and her husband Percy Gibson, 54, enjoy dinner date
Sophie Turner sizzles in a yellow checkered swimsuit as she joins fiancé Joe Jonas and future sister-in-law Priyanka Chopra on yacht trip in Miami
TOWIE EXCLUSIVE: Sam Mucklow SLAMS 'one-trick pony' Shelby Tribble and claims they have been sleeping together for MONTHS in explosive interview
Geri Horner chooses Mel B as bandmate she would 'sh*g' in unearthed Spice Girls MTV interview...after it's claimed 20-year feud has reignited 
Kendall Jenner brushes up on some 'research' as she shares photo of herself reading a book called The Game of Breasts
Princess Kako of Japan pays visit to family mausoleum in Tokyo after announcing she's shelved her 'dream' of a career to assume royal duties
Kylie Jenner flaunts her impressive cleavage in sultry selfie after she attends Frozen-themed birthday party with daughter Stormi
Kady McDermott posts snaps from Maldives break with Myles Barnett as his ex Courtney Green says she is GLAD they were axed from TOWIE
Bobby Norris EXCLUSIVE: TOWIE star admits beard transplant has made him 'so happy' despite receiving 'VILE' homophobic abuse from trolls 
Rachel McCord warms up the chilly surf with her flaming orange bikini and some yoga poses
American Idol: Katy Perry drops to her knees and sobs during proposal to singer on Hollywood Week
Mariah Carey dazzles in glittering mini-dress with a plunging neckline after her Radio City Music Hall concert
Justin Bieber skateboards down the streets of LA in Drew gear after promising fans to make new music once he repairs 'some deep rooted issues'
Downton Abbey star Elizabeth McGovern dazzles in red as she joins pretty in purple Haley Lu Richardson at The Chaperone premiere in NYC
Kylie Jenner flashes her midriff in orange tracksuit as she goes makeup-free for lunch in LA with celebrity makeup artist Ariel Tejada
Bella Thorne brings the wow factor to NYC in three dazzling styles as she reads her new book to sold-out audience at Carnegie Hall 
Coleen Rooney sizzles in striped bikini on Barbados trip with husband Wayne amid claims their marriage is back on track after his boozy barmaid bender
Hilary Duff puts on an animated display as she brandishes an axe around during Younger filming
Khloe Kardashian flaunts cleavage as she goes braless under white blazer with layers of gold necklaces
Amber Heard goes braless in white T-shirt as she swoons over a friend's baby in Los Angeles
A smouldering super-fox, an Englishman doing a 'poo' in Paris... The highlights on the Season 17 debut of Made In Chelsea, by JIM SHELLEY
Norman Reedus reveals his newborn daughter with Diane Kruger has been 'rolling all over the floor like a drunk'
Ian Somerhalder changes his mind halfway through his faux-hawk haircut after remembering upcoming V-Wars reshoots
Sofia Richie, 20, sets pulses racing as she strips down to her bikini for beach getaway with her boyfriend Scott Disick, 35 
Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure in form-fitting black dress as she attends democracy in Europe conference in Brussels
Jennifer Garner is on school run duty while Ben Affleck grabs coffee as he focuses on film projects
Rocketman star Taron Egerton dresses up as  Elton John in gold jacket and TINY hot pants as he wishes the iconic musician a happy birthday
Louise Redknapp reunites with Amber Davies as she makes a triumphant return to her West End role in 9 To 5... two months after suffering nasty fall
Meghan Markle's ex-husband Trevor enjoys a bachelor party in Miami just weeks before his bride-to-be Tracey celebrates with bridal shower
Debra Messing rocks furry mauve duster as she attends Accidentally Brave opening night in NYC
Julianne Hough transforms from makeup-free beauty to full-on glamour for a night out with friends
Could Spice Girls sex row kill off comeback tour? Sources say there is 'not a chance in hell' of extra dates after Mel B refuses to apologise to Geri
Rihanna 'likes' post about having babies and getting engaged to billionaire beau Hassan Jameel
Samantha Morton has revealed she is thrilled with her exciting new role as remorseless killer Alpha on The Walking Dead
Kesha shows off her legs in blue denim romper as she steps out for lunch in sunny California
Ciara records husband Russell Wilson dutifully carrying her packed Chanel purse: 'I got to use all my muscles to carry this thing'
Rob Kardashian settles custody battle with his ex Blac Chyna as it's revealed he will pay 'nothing' in child support
Queen Mathilde is solemn during a visit to a Belgian war memorial in Seoul before posing for selfies with South Korea's first lady on visit with King Philippe
Blanca Blanco puts her killer curves on display in ravishing red dress as she attends benefit gala alongside stylish boyfriend John Savage
Coronation Street bosses set to 'introduce a new gay character to Weatherfield' after complaints over Rana Habeeb's death
Sadie Frost cuts an elegant figure in a black tweed coat as she and partner Darren Strowger attend close pal Meg Mathews' 53rd birthday bash
Hailey Bieber steps out looking sombre after husband Justin Bieber postpones making new music until he's worked on his issues
Who needs Kylie Jenner? Jordyn Woods laps up the attention in slinky gold mini dress after jetting to London... following Tristan Thompson scandal
James Corden is 'set to step down as regular host for new series of A League of Their Own due to his busy work schedule'
Karlie Kloss floats up in the air surrounded by luggage in new Louis Vuitton Horizon Soft campaign
Eminem's daughter Hailie Scott Mathers, 23, flaunts six pack abs while getting some 'much needed vacay time'
Lindsay Lohan sizzles in a leopard print top while out with her sister Aliana and mother Dina
Blythe Danner shines on the red carpet in a black velvet ensemble at The Chaperone premiere in NYC
Jennifer Aniston, Reese Witherspoon and Steve Carell share tease of new drama The Morning Show at Apple TV+ event 
Kehlani announces she has given birth to daughter Adeya at home: 'This weekend our angel arrived'
Alanis Morissette, 44, announces she is pregnant with her third child as she shares photo of her baby bump to Instagram
Made In Chelsea: A DNA-themed twist of fate lands James in hot water... while Miles is faced with his very own Liaisons Dangereuses
Eva Green reveals she 'surprised herself' by taking on aerialist role in Dumbo as she is 'so scared of heights'
The Voice US: Adam Levine and Battle Round team adviser Charlie Puth reveal 'best buds' relationship
Line Of Duty's newcomer Stephen Graham reveals he's received TWO scripts for the show but Rochenda Sandall refuses to comment
TOWIE's Shelby Tribble exhibits her eye-popping cleavage in gold bandage dress as she joins co-stars Chloe Meadows and Clelia Theodorou
Real Housewives of Orange County star Kelly Dodd reveals she dated controversial lawyer Michael Avenatti as she claims she 'dodged a bullet'
Pete Wicks gushes over 'game changer'  girlfriend Georgina Mullins and declares she's 'not like anyone' he's dated... as he moves on from Shelby
James Van Der Beek and son Joshua both rock fedora hats while doing some shopping in LA
Rita Ora turns heads in rainbow hued ensemble as she leaves New York City hotel... before her ex Andrew Watt exits  amid claims they've rekindled their romance
Jana Kramer reveals how her husband's past infidelity inspired her new song Beautiful Lies: 'I felt like the whole world was just spinning
Mandy Moore reunites with her A Walk To Remember co-star Shane West at her Hollywood Walk of Fame star unveiling
Nicolas Cage, 55, applies for marriage license to younger girlfriend Erika Koike in Las Vegas after less than a year of dating
Mila Kunis asks Erika Jayne how much of RHOBH is 'scripted' while interrogating her over PuppyGate
James Lock and Yazmin Oukhellou put on loved up display as they make appearance  at TOWIE event... as he jokes they're 'back to SAVE the show'
Love Island's Dani Dyer and Jack Fincham touch down in London following Thai getaway... after revealing they live in separate homes
Barbra Streisand steps out in black coat and beret after apologizing for defending friend Michael Jackson in wake of Leaving Neverland film
Justin Bieber promises fans new music after 'repairing some deep rooted issues'... as he aims to 'sustain' marriage to 'be the father I want to be'
Vanderpump Rules: Tom Schwartz and wife Katie furiously argue during Mexico trip after TomTom opens
Kevin Costner looks dapper as he hits the red carpet in Madrid to promote his latest Netflix crime drama The Highwaymen
Danny Dyer cuts as casual figure as EastEnders star leaves a yoga date with his long-term love Joanne Mas
Eva Mendes looks oh so chic while wearing favorite shirt dress from her own label on LA stroll  
Kim Kardashian accentuates her famous curves in sparkling grey leotard as she heads out for dinner in style in Paris
Chloe Green and Jeremy Meeks pack on the PDA in several loved-up Instagram snaps during romantic Thailand break after split claims
Counting On: The Duggar Family unites as John David gets married to Abbie Burnett in the Season 9 finale
Jason Momoa looks hunky as ever as he is joined by Alfre Woodard to sneak peek of new Apple TV+ streaming series See
Eva Marcille's ex Kevin McCall admits he's 'not perfect' after being accused of abuse by the reality star
Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez work up a sweat in special suits as they undertake an intense workout together
Love Island's Gabby Allen reveals she has cut ties with former CBB housemate Dan Osborne and says his wife Jacqueline Jossa 'deserves better'
RHOC star Dawn Ward reveals her 'independent' daughter Taylor, 21, will never follow in her footsteps and become a housewife 
The moment Mel B confessed she had sex with Geri Halliwell: Piers Morgan airs clip of Spice Girl's bombshell revelation - as shocked Mel C watches on
Geri Horner looks stern as she emerges for the first time since Spice Girls bandmate Mel B detailed their sexual encounters in shock interview 
Sandra Bullock lists her three-acre oceanfront estate in Georgia with pool and guest house for $6.5million 
Anna Faris reveals ex-husband Chris Pratt told her he was going to propose to Katherine Schwarzenegger before he got down on one knee
Demi Sims, 22, stuns in PVC alongside lookalike sister Chloe, 37...  as she leadse new generation of TOWIE stars at launch event  following fan backlash
Mandy Moore beams with delight as she gets a 'lift' from her supportive This Is Us co-stars at her Hollywood Walk Of Fame induction
Martha Stewart and Snoop Dogg relive iconic Titanic scene in trailer for Potluck Party Challenge
Shannen Doherty's insurance company refuses to pay Woolsey Fire home damage and requests her lawsuit be thrown out
Ant McPartlin and girlfriend Anne-Marie Corbett enjoy a double date night in Mayfair as his divorce with Lisa Armstrong reaches 'deadlock'
Kate Hudson models a bright blue dress as she relaxes on the beach near Santa Barbara with baby daughter Rani Rose
'It's almost time for home': Final message of Liverpool duo Her's who died with their manager in fiery head-on crash while driving between gigs in US
Kim Kardashian embraces her style icon status in skintight black biker shorts and matching jacket as she makes her way to video shoot
Michelle Keegan sizzles in a tropical cut-out swimsuit while husband Mark Wright gazes lovingly at her as they soak up the sun during Barbados break
Mel B 'brands Victoria Beckham a "b***h" during the same interview where she dropped THAT sex bombshell with Geri Halliwell'
Naomi Campbell catches the eye in a VERY frilly yellow gown as she joins glam Alessandra Ambrosio and Izabel Goulart at star-studded Fashion Trust Arabia awards
Declan Donnelly makes a VERY cheeky confession about his sex life with wife Ali Astall... following the birth of daughter Isla six months ago
Jordyn Woods beams as she enjoys London outing... as it's claimed she was 'mortified' by brutal new Keeping Up With The Kardashians trailer
EastEnders star Hetti Bywater posts another seductive bikini snap after vowing to delete negative comments
Olivia Culpo is red hot in thong bikini as she is joined by Devon Windsor  while hitting Miami Beach
Victoria Beckham showcases her sartorial prowess in a tailored black suit as she attends Fashion Trust Arabia awards ceremony
Dressed-down Duchess sports an entirely recycled outfit including a Barbour jacket and £360 Chloe boots during a visit to the Scouts in Essex 
EXCLUSIVE: Paris Jackson accidentally cut her arm with kitchen scissors during 'out of control' night of partying - but she did NOT attempt suicide, close friends insist
Justin Bieber gives wife Hailey Baldwin a sweet smooch in the car... before enjoying first night at new $8.5m home together
Jessie J displays cupping marks on her back as she poses in a thong after sending her beau Channing Tatum wild with a racy naked snap
Cindy Bruna displays her sartorial flair in white textured minidress with kooky ruched fan as she attends the Fashion Trust Arabia ceremony in Qatar
Shanina Shaik dazzles in a plunging silver gown and matching cape as she glides onto the red carpet at the Fashion Trust Arabia awards ceremony
Toad in the hole! Jeremy Clarkson declares an emergency as he finds a FROG swimming in his toilet in Asia
Olivia Culpo models a bikini made up only of STRING with no fabric as she soaks up the sun during vacation in Mexico
Ant McPartlin is set to face an awkward run-in with ex-wife Lisa Armstrong at the TV BAFTAs amid claims their divorce is in 'deadlock'
Keith Duffy is hospitalised in Bangkok after being taken ill before a gig as Boyzone are left to perform as a three
Strictly Come Dancing's Stacey Dooley  'barely spent any time at home with beau Sam Tucknott since starring on the show'... amid split rumours
Jennifer Lopez flaunts her toned torso in matching blue crop top and leggings combination as she heads to gym in New York
Kim Kardashian's daughter North West dresses up in cute rainbow outfit as she films music video with JoJo Siwa... in THAT car Justin Bieber wanted to 'burn'
'We do our duty of care, but we can't do that forever', says ITV chief as she rejects link between deaths of ex-Love Island stars Sophie Gradon and Mike Thalassitis and show's aftercare
Sophie Wessex looks elegant in blue as she trials the gadgets during appearance at blindness prevention charity - after claims she was mystery royal involved in a recent 'car crash'
Gemma Atkinson shows off her baby bump on Tenerife holiday with Gorka Marquez as she says 'next time we go on holiday we'll be a three'
Doutzen Kroes displays her toned physique as she hops on a skateboard in a skimpy bikini for Miami photo shoot
Jourdan Dunn oozes regal glamour in canary yellow satin gown at glitzy Fashion Trust Arabia ceremony in Qatar
Having trouble learning your lines, Louise? Pop star, Redknapp 44, seen clutching a cheat sheet disguised as a prop as she finally makes West End debut 
Sharon Osbourne reignites feud with Simon Cowell as she SLAMS mogul over X Factor exit and blames him for missing out on role in Masked Singer
Gigi Hadid takes a stand on Twitter after she's mocked for her frazzled look while taking selfies with fans
Rita Ora puts a sexy spin on a preppy pinafore and knee-high stockings as she steps out in New York
Kate Beckinsale, 45, returns to Instagram after DELETING all  posts... as she defended her romance with Pete Davidson, 25, on  social media platform
Sharon Osbourne DID offer Matt LeBlanc a threesome with rocker hubby Ozzy... and says she would have liked to have filmed it
PICTURED: Jussie Smollett arriving back in L.A. after leaving Chicago in turmoil ahead of NAACP awards where he is nominated
Lupita Nyong'o stuns in gray jumpsuit with bold red handbag while stepping out in NYC
Killing Eve's Fiona Shaw is seen on Ammonite set in 19th century costume for the first time with her co-star Kate Winslet 
Jenna Coleman nails androgynous chic in navy floral suit and lace blouse as she joins stylish Pixie Geldof at Gucci event
James Arthur pulls out of Teenage Cancer Trust performance following struggle with 'crippling' anxiety and 'poor mental health'
Khloe Kardashian shares 'stay away from people who play the victim knowing they're in the wrong' after Jordyn continues to claim she's innocent
Duchess of Cornwall keeps her cool in all-white as she opens a hospice in the Cayman Islands - while Prince Charles attends separate engagements during Caribbean tour
Billie Faiers gets the wedding party back together in Essex as celebrations continue three weeks on... while Sam looks closer than ever with Paul
So gripping it's criminal! As Line of Duty returns for another white-knuckle ride, here's the case notes for fans and newcomers of the police corruption drama
Leaving (her) in Las Vegas! Nicolas Cage files for an annulment four days after marrying girlfriend in Sin City
Kate Hudson turned down the lead role in 10 Things I Hate About You because mom Goldie Hawn 'didn't like the script'
Jessie J poses completely naked while her 'secret lover' sits on the toilet next to her as beau Channing Tatum gushes he's 'in love' with the saucy snap
Jennifer Lopez rocks layers of jewelry and a bathrobe while on the NYC set of Hustlers film
Eva Herzigova, 46, shows off her ageless good looks as she leads the glamour at Alberta Ferretti's collection lunch alongside Arizona Muse
BAZ BAMIGBOYE: Thandie's girl is no Disney princess! Dumbo star on why she doesn't ask for acting advice from her famous parents
Pregnant Krysten Ritter showcases bump in floral frock with babydaddy... after sharing swimsuit snap
Martin Clunes is swarmed by fans as he returns to Cornwall to begin filming for the ninth series of Doc Martin 
Gigi Hadid shows off her perfect bikini body as she relaxes in a yellow two-piece in Mexico
EXCLUSIVE: Inside Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt's $41 MILLION charity which was mostly funded through their wedding and baby photo deals
Reese Witherspoon pairs jean jacket with yellow print dress for lunch with hubby Jim Toth and son Deacon Phillippe, 15, in LA
Sarah Paulson dons coral-colored dress as she prepares to play Nurse Ratched in new Netflix series
Love Island's Hayley Hughes puts on a busty display in black vest top as she joins Corrie stars Sair Khan and Victoria Ekanoye at bikini launch party
Wendy Williams spotted in New York WITHOUT her wedding ring on just hours after her TV show announced a week-long hiatus following the star's alcoholic relapse
Kim Kardashian smolders as she shares new behind the scenes image from make-up shoot
Louise Redknapp looks chic in a grey coat and jeans as she continues her triumphant return to the West End in 9 to 5 musical following her nasty fall
Ashley Greene stuns in floral bikini as she kisses her husband Paul Khoury during romantic stroll on beach holiday
TOWIE's Chloe Sims, 36, and Dan Edgar, 28, pack on the PDA as they film at a football match... after confirming their romance  
John Cena looks simply smitten as he steps out with mystery gal... after Nikki Bella said it would 'kill' her to see her ex with someone else
Stacey Dooley shares candid post about being 'worthy of love' as she posts very racy modelling snap following 'split' from Sam Tucknott
Inside Mark Wright and Michelle Keegan's gifted Barbados break: Couple enjoy the spoils of fame as they plug boozy sponsored Caribbean holiday on social media
Katharine McPhee flashes her black lacy bra in epic wardrobe malfunction as she leaves Waitress performance in London 
Scary Stories To Tell In The Dark: Guillermo del Toro debuts first official trailer for his latest creep-fest film
Harry Styles nails rocker chic in a monochrome ensemble as he makes a very rare public appearance at JFK airport in New York City
Tom Hiddleston stars in bizarre advert for multi-vitamins on Asian TV which sees him appear in a woman's kitchen before cooking her breakfast- and he even speaks Chinese
Amber Le Bon wows in chic printed dress and strappy stilettos as she attends glittering magazine website launch 
City of Chicago bills Jussie Smollett $130,000 for the cost of the police probe into his 'hoax' - as mayor tells Trump to 'just sit this one out' after President called on FBI 
Alec Baldwin says taking anger management sessions made the actor realize he's 'not that angry'
Alex Jones reveals her growing baby bump in chic embroidered blouse as she presents The One Show 
BAZ BAMIGBOYE: Feisty Felicity is getting into an Argument! Actress reveals she's never had a problem dealing with unwanted advances
Bekah Martinez opens up about 'getting unexpectedly pregnant only three months into a relationship'
The Bachelorette Hannah Brown holds hands with handsome fellow as she begins her search for love on reality TV
Signs Sir Philip Green's empire is beginning to crumble as he prepares to shut as many as 200 stores over the next two years
Gail Porter attends Mother's Day event in London as she's seen for the first time since her ex-boyfriend Keith Flint's shock death aged 49
Kylie Jenner sparks pregnancy rumours with post of baby blue and powder pink nails after 'quitting KUWTK' over Jordyn Woods scandal
Sarah Michelle Gellar and Selma Blair pose with Captain Marvel at Disneyland as they celebrate 20 years of friendship 
Eliza Taylor awakens from a century of cryo-sleep in new trailer for season six of The 100
Rosie O'Donnell calls Kelly Ripa 'mean' for allegedly 'gay bashing' Clay Aiken... while he says O'Donnell actually outed him
Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead opts for a vibrant yellow zebra-print jumper as she reunites with former co-stars Olivia Bentley and Sophie Hermann
Kate Hudson reveals she is starting a new fashion brand called Happy X Nature... and offers fans a glimpse of the clothes
Tigerlily Taylor flashes her toned abs in white crop top and yellow patterned jacket as she attends bar launch party
Kesha flies to North Carolina in peachy iridescent sequin mini-dress and silver booties alongside boyfriend
Pete Davidson says he was left to foot the bill for Kanye West and Timothee Chalamet to eat 'a bunch of rich guy stuff' at extravagant Nobu guy's night
Jodie Kidd dazzles in floral dress and canary yellow blazer at star-studded store launch in London 
Colton Haynes reveals how divorce and the death of his mother sent him on a 'downward spiral' into the depths of drug addiction
Sigourney Weaver praises high school production of Alien after it goes viral
Queen Victoria gets emotional while discussing her desire for a 'glorious' reign as tensions continue to rise with the Charterist rebellion
Sin City! Emily Ratajkowski, Adriana Lima, Cardi B and Rita Ora run riot in a lavish Las Vegas hotel for risque video campaign that sees them partying the night away in the luxury space
Tattoo Fixers viewers left repulsed as married couple reveal they're FIRST COUSINS
The Bachelor UK's Alex Marks 'calls the show's runner-up every night to tell her he dreams of her and only chose Alicia because he was drunk'
Million Dollar Listing's Ryan Serhant  reveals the exact moment he and his wife realized they were having a baby
Lupita Nyong'o steps out in sunshine yellow and striking shades while promoting Jordan Peele's record-breaking horror flick Us 
Tom Hanks 'in negotiations' to play Elvis Presley's lifelong manager in Baz Luhrmann's biopic on 'The King'
Lori Loughlin's daughter Olivia Jade is 'staying with her boyfriend' in Malibu amid the fallout over the college bribery scandal and rumored rift with her parents 
Matthew McConaughey rocks $250 diamond Friday The 13th pendant from Beach Bum co-star Snoop Dogg's line... as pair promote new film
Salt-N-Pepa are getting their own Lifetime miniseries about the height of their popularity in the Nineties after their single Push It became a massive hit
Wendy Williams' 2001 vow to leave her husband if another woman had his child resurfaces, after his mistress gave birth to their lovechild
Sam Reece EXCLUSIVE: Ex On The Beach star admits he 'never thought about pursuing an acting career' as he lands Emmerdale role
Elisabeth Hasselbeck reveals she once 'forgot to take her daughter to her first day of school' in new memoir
Dame Barbara Windsor's husband Scott Mitchell hits back at trolls who slammed him for 'selling stories' on the soap star's Alzheimer's battle 
Kaia Gerber laughs it up with a friend in New York City... after spending time with mom Cindy Crawford and dad Rande Gerber in LA
Viola Davis is fearless at 53! Oscar winner goes skydiving in Hawaii... leaving her celeb friends in awe
Jay and Silent Bob reboot reunites Chasing Amy star Joey Lauren Adams with director Kevin Smith
Melissa McCarthy is ready for summer in beige top and large sunglasses as she enjoys a shopping spree in Los Angeles
Charlie Sheen re-lists infamous Beverly Hills home for $8m after slashing the price by $2m amid financial struggles 
Whitney Port sobs as she addresses mom bullies who think she's 'not cool' because she is on 'cheesy' The Hills
DO rock the boat! Fans of Jon Bon Jovi can now sail around the Caribbean and Mediterranean with him
Love Island's Olivia Buckland slips into a lime green thong bikini as she enjoys the final day of her Barbados holiday after fat-shaming incident
Khloe Kardashian wakes up at 6am to work off Tristan heartbreak... after dramatic KUWTK trailer shows her crying over the love rat
Pixie Lott catches the eye in cream ruffled jumpsuit as she joins chic Vanessa Bauer at Hair the Musical's 50th anniversary event
TOWIE lads raise awareness for male mental health with moment of silence at charity football match... weeks after Mike Thalassitis' tragic death
Winter is coming! Naomi Watts and her two sons Sasha, 11, and Samuel Kai, 10, rug up in warm jackets in the chilly New York weather as actress gears up to film Game Of Thrones sequel 
Led Zeppelin star Jimmy Page calls on neighbour Robbie Williams to end five-year feud over his extension plans but says he NEVER received pop singer's letter 
Bethenny Frankel looks svelte in skintight pants and belted sweater as she stops by Live with Kelly and Ryan 
Jersey Shore's Pauly D and Vinny Guadagnino fist pump their way into the hearts of 20 lucky ladies in new Double Shot at Love trailer
Princess Eugenie is elegant in a floral dress as she attends the premiere of a shark documentary in Hong Kong - and meets the parents of the late director after he drowned during filming
Simone Biles reveals she 'slept all the time' after being sexually abused by Larry Nassar because it is 'the closest thing to death', as she opens up about her therapy 
Keanu Reeves reveals his Toy Story 4 character will have a tragic backstory... as Christina Hendricks is cast as villain Gabby Gabby
Stacey Dooley's 'ex-boyfriend' Sam Tucknott cuts a glum figure as he's seen for the first time since their 'split'
PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kimberley Walsh shows off her toned body in sexy gingham bikini as she joins Denise Van Outen for starry fashion campaign
'I thought I was going mad': Jack Fincham reveals mental health battle and admits anxiety made him afraid to leave the house
What retirement? Conor McGregor is pictured in the ring at Miami Fight Club Gym despite announcing his retirement from MMA
Candice Swanepoel puts on a white hot display wearing cheeky one-piece as she vacations in Tulum
TOWIE's Chloe Sims, 36, and Dan Edgar, 28, pack on the PDA as 2017 throwback kissing video emerges after going public with romance
Barbara Windsor's husband Scott Mitchell says stricken actress refers to Alzheimer's as 'a blackout' and admits the condition usually worsens at night
The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso takes a swipe at her sister Jessica's ex Ruby Rose - as she hints their 'complex' relationship was the reason why the twins were estranged for 18 months
Jennifer Lopez stands out in a bright green Latex dress to plug World Of Dance... as she starts planning her wedding to Alex Rodriguez
'Y'all want to fire on me': NeNe Leakes storms out of RHOA reunion after getting into it with all her costars in dramatic trailer
The Veronicas' Jessica Origliasso, 34, jokes about the 12-year age gap with her partner Kai Carlton, 22... as she shares the experience that made her realise she's bisexual
Zac Efron manipulates Lily Collins into thinking he's being set up in tense first clip from  Ted Bundy biopic Extremely Wicked, Shockingly Evil And Vile
Senator Cory Booker says 'incredible' girlfriend Rosario Dawson 'didn't give him the time of day' when they first met - as he admits he was 'nervous' to ask for the actress's phone number
Richard Madden, Benedict Cumberbatch and Colin Firth all set to star in Sam Mendes' new World War I flick 1917
John Malkovich transforms into the supreme pontiff as he holds a young child in the air during The New Pope filming in Rome 
Ben Affleck's commitment to rehab and sobriety 'impressed' girlfriend Lindsay Shookus enough to rekindle their romance
Lily James pairs nautical stripes with a ditsy floral print and a monogram bag for a stylish outing in London
Michelle Keegan and Mark Wright pose for a rare snap as they enjoy a romantic beach date night in Barbados
Rita Ora admits she's been called 'every name under the sun' as she discusses being cruelly trolled daily
Christina Anstead keeps fit during her pregnancy while taking her dog on a walk ... after admitting first trimester was 'brutal'
Charles Barkley believes Jussie Smollett's case will have serious 'repercussions' for his 'black friends and gay black friends' 
Lewis Hamilton trades his racing car for a questionable scooter as he makes his first appearance in Bahrain ahead of the Grand Prix
Chrissy Teigen shares darling photo of her daughter Luna in a summer dress with a fruit print... after posting close-up portrait of son Miles
Married At First Sight's Clark Sherwood reveals participants receive 'f**k all support' and producers would 'goad' them into having arguments 
Katie Holmes steps out in New York with daughter Suri after reuniting with Jamie Foxx amid claims of split
Pharrell Williams joins his wife Helen Lasichanh at the launch of his Chanel-Pharrell Capsule Collection in South Korea
Beaming Queen is a vision in lime green as she feeds a hungry horse a carrot and meets well-wishers during an equine-themed tour 
Vanessa Feltz reveals she SCHEDULES sex once a week but Nicola McLean claims she'd get a DIVORCE if her husband planned a romp
Sam Faiers' kiss with mother-in-law Gaynor leaves Loose Women CRINGING... three years after Paul Knightley branded panel 'b**ches' for similar criticism  
Nicole Scherzinger oozes Hollywood glamour in a plunging nude sheer beaded dress and orange fur coat in Hong Kong  
Married At First Sight UK: Viewers BLAST Jack's 'superficial' dad for looking unimpressed with bride Verity and admitting he hoped she was 'slim and athletic'
Widowed presenter Simon Thomas reveals he's back filming 17 months after his wife's death - and shares the good luck cookie given to him by his girlfriend
Bristol Palin makes it clear she's done with Teen Mom as she insists reality TV is '100% not my career'
Yazmin Oukhellou displays her curves in a plunging peach bikini as she shares a kiss with James Lock in Dubai after confirming TOWIE return 
Christina Anstead gives husband Ant a beautiful $250k vintage Porsche for his 40th birthday
'We're always around our daughter': Offset talks balancing his rap career and being a parent to daughter Kulture with Cardi B
Leaving Neverland director slams celebrities defending Michael Jackson amid allegations of child sexual abuse
Rob Lowe, 55, regrets not releasing his 1989 sex tape 20 years later as it would have 'helped' his career: 'I was ahead of the curve'
Ellie Goulding cuts an edgy figure in white jumpsuit and matching trainers as she continues Paris trip 
Nicole Kidman is 'astounded' by 'harsh way women are judged' in action films adding they have to be 'bad-a***' while skinny with lipstick on
Brian McFadden and his P.E. teacher girlfriend Danielle Parkinson share an awkward kiss as they leave the National Film Awards
Stacey Dooley 'SPLITS from boyfriend of three years Sam Tucknott as she falls victim to Strictly curse just three months after winning the series'
Queen Maxima of the Netherlands drinks beer from a tankard as she dons an oversized boater hat to celebrate the 300th anniversary of Brewery Bavaria
Madison Beer flaunts her toned abs in sporty red and white crop top as she steps out in London... after confirming split from beau Zack Bia
Tom Cruise 'has banned ex-wife Nicole Kidman from attending son Connor's wedding to fiancée who is dubbed a 'Scientology Princess''
BAFTA TV nominations 2019 announced: Killing Eve and A Very English Scandal sweep the board as Ant and Dec bag two nods
Drew Barrymore expands business empire with Flower Home range showcasing her quirky boho style at budget store Walmart
John Terry wins battle to demolish his Surrey £4.5m mansion and build two houses in its place despite housing estate owners complaining
Slick Woods recounts being SPANKED by Rihanna while going into labour on Fenty catwalk... and reveals she was told she'd never conceive 
Justin Bieber's fashion line Drew is opening a pop-up shop in Hong Kong... after his model wife Hailey Baldwin has tirelessly plugged the brand
TOWIE's Courtney Green and Georgia Kousoulou wrap up in casual outfits as they shoot scenes after returning from sun-soaked Thailand trip
Liam and Luke Hemsworth enjoy sun-soaked day in Malibu as they catch up with Home and Away star Todd Lasance and his fiancée Jordan Wilcox
Louise Thompson looks incredible as she showcases her washboard abs in a TINY cut-out nude bikini in a throwback Bali picture
Caroline Flack gets back to reality after her boozy girls' trip to Dubai as she stocks up at the supermarket
Anna Kournikova, 37, flaunts her incredible physique as she dances on a table in a sexy bikini and heels just 14 months after welcoming twins  
Love Island's Dani Dyer reflects on the trappings of overnight fame and admits she split from Jack Fincham due to his 'lack of respect'
Gemma Collins oozes confidence while snapping selfies in Tenerife... as she sports VERY bizarre tech swimsuit complete with speakers and charger
Kit Harington and his wife Rose Leslie enjoy a rare PDA as they head back to their hotel in New York after brunch
Desperate Housewives star Marcia Cross vows to put an end to the stigma of anal cancer as she bravely discusses her battle with rare disease
Katie Price sparks concern for her well-being as fans claim she is 'drunk' during wide-eyed appearance in promotional video with son Harvey
Thinking of taking out an ISA?  Read this first!
Lottie Moss sets pulses racing as she shows off her model figure in racy bondage-inspired lingerie for sultry snap
Louise Redknapp, 44, is a dead ringer for Madonna, 60, while creating 1986 True Blue album cover... as she slips out of a leather jacket in sizzling pose
EXCLUSIVE: Olympic rowing hero James Cracknell splits with TV host wife Beverley Turner who nursed star back to health from devastating brain injury
Megan Barton Hanson makes a rude gesture and grinds on heavily-tattooed rapper Skarrss during a wild night out in Tenerife... as he 'asks her to call him' 
Russell Crowe and Sienna Miller are unrecognizable as Fox News chief Roger Ailes and wife Beth while filming  The Loudest Voice In The Room
Kendall Jenner avoids becoming the victim of 'violent crime' as her alleged stalker is arrested by ICE 
Good Morning Britain's Andi Peters marches off  after being branded 'sexist' by Ben Shephard following awkward Mother's Day snub
Kim Kardashian, 38, stuns in see-through pink Versace  dress that Naomi Campbell, 48, wore decades ago as she continues to copy the model
Perfectly Matched: For Mother's Day, three mums and daughters reveal what makes their relationship so special
Beyoncé breaks down in tears as she reveals she lost her uncle to an HIV related illness and admits it was 'one of the most painful experiences of her life'
Vicky Pattison decides to 'call things off' with boyfriend Ercan Ramadan as she feels they were 'moving too quickly' after split from John Noble 
Khloe Kardashian shares fun photo of baby True calling her 'my everything'... after she was seen breaking down in tears during KUWTK trailer
Myleene Klass shares sweet pregnancy update as she attends ultrasound appointment with boyfriend Simon Motson
Dani Dyer reveals her mum named her after 'playboy' dad Danny to 'get in there first' in case he got another woman pregnant
Jeff Brazier's son Bobby, 15, is left MORTIFIED as the pair awkwardly discuss sex in the teen's first ever TV appearance
Jess Wright shows off her toned abs in a cut-out bodycon dress as she enjoys a girls' night with model sister Natalya and mum Carol at KUWTK screening
Rachel Stevens puts on a fashion parade as she wears a stylish jumpsuit in three different looks during a London photoshoot
Farrah Abraham flaunts her fantastic figure in flirty bikini top with snakeskin bottoms as she soaks up the sun for a beach day in Malibu
Eddie Murphy's ex Nicole Murphy, 51, flaunts her cleavage while wearing a low-cut sundress for lunch outing in Los Angeles
Loose Women's Denise Welch breaks down in TEARS after son Matt Healy pays a touching tribute... and Stacey Solomon gets a message from her sons
Jacqueline Jossa heads to the gym with her daughters... amid claims she is 'sleeping in a separate bed' to Dan Osborne after 'cheating' scandal
Freida Pinto stuns in a retro red dress and matching beret as she films movie scenes in London
John Malkovich and Dustin Hoffman enjoy a dinner date in Rome with their wives after filming scenes for The New Pope
Westlife reveal they would drink PINTS of vodka and Red Bull while embarking on a 49-night bender during their wild touring heyday 
James Bond 25 gets underway in Norway after four-year wait as masked gunman chases a young girl across the ice (but Daniel Craig is nowhere in sight)
EXCLUSIVE: Downcast Lori Loughlin appears tense and bites her nails as she is pictured for the first time since she was arrested in the college bribery scandal
Will & Grace star Sean Hayes hilariously drags Jussie Smollett at GLAAD Media Awards
Jon Bon Jovi and lookalike college footballer son Jesse party with Miley Cyrus, Nicole Scherzinger and Dakota Fanning as they promote new wine
Sofia Vergara, 46, gives a glimpse into her childhood in Colombia as she shares throwback photo from her first holy communion
Priyanka Chopra looks relaxed in a loose fitting red blouse as she enjoys another day in Miami with husband Nick Jonas
Kim Kardashian looks just like baby girl Chicago in throwback photos from the star's childhood
Lindsay Lohan looks ready for spring as she sports sunshine yellow dress while en route to a photoshoot with sister Ali
Yara Shahidi is radiant as she poses for the cover of PORTER magazine after being hailed as 'the voice of the next generation' by Michelle Obama
Meg Mathews, 53, cuts a low-key figure in a camouflage jacket and ripped jeans as she enjoys a solo stroll
Line Of Duty: First look clip teases ambush by 'The Balaclava Men'... as star Vicky McClure reveals she landed the role despite a 'terrible' audition
Ronan Keating reveals Keith Duffy was on a 'downwards spiral' before falling ill in Bangkok and is now waiting oo see if he can rejoin Boyzone tour
Love Island's Tyla Carr shows off her phenomenal weight loss in 8 WEEKS as she shares her post-baby body transformation three months after birth 
Jamie Lee Curtis, 60, cuts a sultry figure in sheer lace top and high-waisted trousers as she attends 30th annual GLAAD Media Awards
EastEnders star Katie Jarvis hints she has left the soap... after her character Hayley Slater mysteriously fled Albert Square WITHOUT baby Cherry
Magic Johnson's son EJ Johnson of Rich Kids Of Beverly Hills fame shows off his chest and legs in eye-catching black gown at the GLAAD Awards
Dynamo looks healthy as he enjoys a casual stroll a year after revealing ongoing battle with Crohn's disease
Jake Bugg and model girlfriend Roxy Horner look casual as they make a rare appearance together for cosy stroll in Notting Hill
Grey's Anatomy's Caterina Scorsone says raising a daughter with Down Syndrome completely changed her 'concept of what motherhood was'
Jake Gyllenhaal and Tom Sturridge bundle up in warm coats after dinner with Adele at Italian eatery in New York
Louise Redknapp, 44, models very sexy bodysuit as she gets intimate with shirtless hunk in new video for her single Stretch 
We just can't get her out of our head! Kylie Minogue, 50, looks incredibly  youthful as she shares a flirty selfie from the set of a music video in Cuba
Sam Reece EXCLUSIVE: Emmerdale newbie discusses his mental health struggles... as he takes a swipe at ex Stephanie Davis 
Macaulay Culkin and Brenda Song keep a low profile as they enjoy a romantic day out at Disneyland
Lily Allen looks in high spirits as she is seen for the first time since being 'dropped from her record label'
Charlotte Crosby packs on the PDA with her beau Joshua Ritchie as they enjoy VERY amorous reunion 
Take That's Howard Donald leaves Lorraine Kelly red-faced when he exposes her 'fake' set live on air
Gemma Atkinson shields her bump as she steps out after revealing she and Strictly beau Gorka Marquez will raise their baby to be bilingual
Elle Fanning shows off boho chic style with flowing skirt and denim top ahead of Wildflowers release for Teen Spirit
The Crown's Vanessa Kirby glows as she goes make-up free for a low-key walk in leafy London 
Barbara Palvin wears extreme plunging patterned swimsuit as she walks the runway in Mexico City
Billie Faiers looks fantastic in a flimsy Fendi bikini in throwback snap as she pines for Maldives wedding celebrations
Ruth Langsford visits ITV producer who was left brain damaged and paralysed after allergic reaction to nuts - leaving viewers 'heartbroken'
Veteran actor Shane Rimmer who voiced Scott Tracy in Thunderbirds and appeared in four Bond films dies aged 89 
Chloe Goodman EXCLUSIVE: CBB star, 25, PASSED OUT out after having half of her cervix removed and is now planning kids with her footballer beau
Jonathan Cheban  donates $10K to cancer charity... after wrapping dramatic season of KUWTK where Khloe sobs over scandal
Liv Tyler nails airport chic in a casual all-black ensemble and glasses for make-up free arrival in London
James Arthur donates £1000 to terminally ill fan after pulling out of Teenage Cancer Trust gig amid battle with 'anxiety and poor mental health'
Iggy Azalea urges followers to 'harass' radio stations and stream on Spotify to push her new single Sally Walker back up the charts
Gwyneth Paltrow looks incredible in feathered silk shirt at GLAAD Awards... as husband Brad Falchuk gives her a helping hand in her heels 
Davina McCall hits back at 'ridiculous' trolls after being slammed for 'exercising too much'... but admits she works out FIVE times a week
Kourtney Kardashian flashes bra in sheer leopard print top after sparkling at Diana Ross' birthday bash
Heidi Klum cuts a stylish figure in a polka dot dress and thigh-high boots as she attends music bash with daughter Leni, 14
Ireland Baldwin bizarrely wears one boot and one flip flop on a WILD night out with friends in West Hollywood
Ed Sheeran's pond at Suffolk estate is NOT a swimming pool say council despite neighbours pointing out 'steps, a handrail and jetty' 
Jennifer Garner admits eldest daughter Violet loves wearing makeup - but reveals she often makes the teen take some off it before she can leave the house
Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere and flashes a hint of her flat midriff in skintight denim while heading to the studio in LA
Queen Rania of Jordan dazzles in petrol blue as she joins Angela Merkel at an Italian convent where King Abdullah II will be presented with the 'Lamp of Peace' 
French director Agnes Varda dies aged 90 - a month after declaring 'I'm still alive' and vowing to make more films 
Margot Robbie serves up a tray of margaritas in leggy cropped shorts as she reprises her role as Harley Quinn on the set of Birds Of Prey
Alec Baldwin, 60, cosies up to wife Hilaria, 35... after claiming he was protecting her from 'dangerous' driver in parking dispute
Delilah Hamlin makes a statement in trousers bearing a VERY rude phrase as she attends Billie Eilish album launch party 
'Whew, Kris Jenner never sleeps': KUWTK fans react after family use Khloe Kardashian's heartache over Tristan and Jordyn as a ratings ploy in new trailer
Zac Efron continues to show off his peroxide blonde locks at his latest movie premiere The Beach Bum in LA
Miley Cyrus jokes that the 'Best Of Both Worlds' is like 'smoking joint and taking molly at the same time' as she revisits her old Hannah Montana roots
Christina Milian shares a sweet moment with daughter Violet as they kiss on the red carpet at the Shazam! premiere
Pippa Middleton is ready for spring in a sky blue jumper and plum trousers as she takes her dogs for a stroll in London - and even her hair tie matches!
John Legend builds daughter Luna a playhouse in their back garden as his wife Chrissy Teigen praises his 'beautiful' handy work
Leaving (her) in Las Vegas! Nicolas Cage files for an annulment FOUR DAYS after marrying girlfriend in Sin City
Hayley Kiyoko goes braless in a VERY plunging nude leotard worn with a colourful jacket at the glittering GLAAD Awards
Allison Janney dazzles in red sequinned gown at the 30th annual GLAAD Media Awards
Jameela Jamil dazzles in a stylish strapless dress as she presents the Outstanding Documentary accolade at the GLAAD Media Awards
Inside Zoella's VERY lavish 29th birthday party! YouTuber dresses as Barbie to sing on stage with S Club at 90s-themed bash in a marquee at £1.7M home 
Meghan's maternity wear ban! How the Duchess shunned 'frumpy' clothes for expectant mothers in favour of designer pieces
Justin Bieber picks up his Lamborghini from valet as wife Hailey Baldwin arrives in style to Waldorf Astoria in Beverly Hills
Adele cuts a casual figure in green tie-dye jacket as she makes a rare appearance after leaving her hotel in New York
Did Bafta bend the rules to gift Killing Eve with 14 nominations? BBC's drama should have only received an international drama nod - because it premiered in the US 
Adam Brody poses with wife Leighton Meester in pretty red and white dress at Shazam! premiere in Hollywood
Olivia Munn gets pulses racing in sheer peacock gown as she takes over the red carpet at GLAAD Media Awards
Gigi Hadid 'not back together with Zayn Malik' although he tweeted 'Love you' at her weeks ago
Victoria's Secret model Kelly Gale shows off her slender figure in tiny crop top during a gruelling workout that left her unable to 'move her legs for a week'
Lady Gaga celebrates her 33rd birthday in style with pals on a luxury yacht in Mexico
Ciara proves bold is beautiful in abs-flashing neon ensemble complete with sexy crop top and slick suit as she hits the stage at Ru Paul's Drag Race show
Isla Fisher cosies up to Matthew McConaughey as she puts on a leggy display in purple sparkly mini dress at The Beach Bum premiere in LA
Robin Thicke reunites with ex Paula Patton as they hang out in Malibu together... after he welcomed his second child with April Love Geary last month
Ben Affleck spends time with his youngest kids as Jennifer Garner runs errands with eldest Violet
Back to her roots! Miley Cyrus dyes her hair to look like her Hannah Montana alter-ego
Teresa Giudice takes mind off husband Joe's legal turmoil as she celebrates sister-in-law Melissa Gorga's 40th birthday in plunging black jumpsuit 
Drew Barrymore is gorgeous in flowing green dress at Santa Clarita Diet premiere in Hollywood
Josh Brolin gives wife Kathryn and daughter Westlyn kisses as he prepares to promote action film Avengers: Endgame
Lea Michele keeps the bridal theme going in a white satin dress at GLAAD Media Awards as she attends her first event as a married woman 
Glee star Harry Shum Jr welcomes first child with wife Shelby Rabara... and reveals they named their daughter Xia
Margot Robbie gets behind the wheel of a beaten-up gold convertible to film Suicide Squad's all female spin-off Birds of Prey
Sarah Ferguson is stylish in a leather jacket and £1,100 Gucci handbag as she joins Beatrice and her boyfriend Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi 
Snoop Dogg reveals his weed made Matthew McConaughey 'rap for 13 hours straight' on The Beach Bum set
Queer Eye's Jonathan Van Ness, Antoni Porowski, Tan France, and Bobby Berk glam up for GLAAD Media Awards
Logan Browning exudes Old Hollywood glamour in plunging gown at GLAAD Media Awards
Gina Gershon and Jennifer Tilly show off their chemistry during Bound reunion at 30th Annual GLAAD Media Awards in LA
'The people we love are always with us': Bindi Irwin reveals she still gets emotional watching footage of her late dad Steve talk about fatherhood
Chanel Iman and Alexandra Daddario rock springtime chic at launch of DKNY collaboration with Major League Baseball
Million Dollar Listing LA: Tracy Tutor goes international as ambassador of Royal Atlantis in Dubai
Watch What Happens Live: John McEnroe blasts Ryan O'Neal, 77, as 'particularly heinous individual'
Hollywood Medium: RHOC's Tamra Judge receives hope for reconciliation with estranged daughter during emotional reading
Full House's John Stamos and Bob Saget enjoy a double-date together with their respective spouses in Beverly Hills
Grey's Anatomy recap: Jo finally meets her biological mother and helps a victim of sexual assault
Katharine McPhee flashes her black lacy bra under stunning floral dress as she leaves Waitress performance in London's West End 
Kate Beckinsale, 45,  steals the spotlight in sheer cut-out gown as she stuns on the NAACP Image Awards red carpet
Jacqueline Jossa defiantly flashes her wedding ring as she leaves a London nightclub... amid husband Dan Osborne's 'cheating scandal'
Mick Jagger is 'taking a month off after a routine scan discovered something untoward' causing The Rolling Stones to delay their upcoming U.S. tour
Jennifer Aniston, 50, goes braless in a black latex dress before flashing the flesh in a bikini top and hotpants for sultry Malibu photo shoot
Meghan Markle will 'snub Lindo Wing' where Duchess of Cambridge and Princess Diana gave birth and 'break Royal tradition by choosing private maternity unit'
The Chase star Mark Labbett's wife Katie, 26, hit by claims she 'has been having an affair with secret lover for more than a year'
Adele puts on a glamorous display in a plaid coat as she enjoys a rare outing in New York City... amid claims her estranged father is 'making £50 a day as a Yodel driver'
Jordyn Woods looks stylish in a quirky pink playsuit as she enjoys milkshakes in Manchester... amid claims she's 'mortified' by new KUWTK trailer
Louise Redknapp candidly discusses her divorce from Jamie, how Strictly 'switched a light back on' and why she won't go on Tinder  
The TRUTH about Geri and Mel B: They were lovers for a YEAR...and the other girls are livid because they are only touring again to bail out Scary Spice after her costly divorce
Ant McPartlin reveals he 'constantly relives' his drink-drive crash as Declan Donnelly admits he wanted to 'PUNCH' his best friend following the incident  
Jessica Chastain oozes regal glamour in strapless royal blue gown with a dramatic train as she attends Germany's Golden Camera Awards
Martin Freeman says Sherlock fans felt 'betrayed' when the detective and Dr. Watson didn't come out as gay and run 'off into the sunset' in the final episode
ITV DENY claims that Ant & Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway will be axed after 15 series as network assures fans hit show will return in 2020
Kylie Jenner denies she purposely slashed prices on her Jordyn Woods Lip Kit after Tristan Thompson cheating scandal: 'I was thrown back'
REVEALED: How Prince Charles told Meghan not to wear a lavish tiara at her first overseas state dinner because she would look 'extravagant'...on the same night Kate dazzled
Kylie Jenner admits she had 'a lot of help' on her way to being the youngest 'self-made' billionaire and says she's grateful for her 'huge platform'
Lupita Nyong'o and Danai Gurira show off their red carpet prowess as they represent Black Panther at the 50th NAACP Image Awards
Sam Faiers sets the record straight on sister Billie and Greg Shepherd's 'raucous' Maldives wedding... and reveals she won't be getting engaged any time soon 
Fergie to launch pop career with Will.i.am! No, it's no April Fool, the Duchess of York really is putting her poetry to music with 44-year-old rapper
Katherine Jenkins will sing an emotional tune about her love for baby son Xander in a Mother's Day special edition of Songs of Praise
Angelina Jolie is understated chic in a trench coat as she catches a flight out of New York's JFK airport
Ant McPartlin appears downcast as he is seen for the first time since Declan Donnelly revealed he 'needed therapy' after drink-drive arrest
Kate's Vogue makeover: ALEXANDRA SHULMAN on how the Duchess of Cambridge has got her fashion mojo back thanks to subtle style tweaks
Mick Jagger, 75, POSTPONES Rolling Stones tour under doctor's orders as he seeks medical attention for mystery illness
Kaia Gerber shows her Led Zeppelin fandom with T-shirt promoting the iconic band's 1975 tour
Kelly Brook flaunts her ample cleavage in a leopard print bikini as she celebrates four years with beau Jeremy Parisi in Portugal
Hailey Baldwin flaunts her stunningly flat tummy in track suit as she runs errands with Justin Bieber in LA
Malin Andersson steps out ahead of her first Mother's Day after admitting she questions 'if I was ever a mother myself' after losing baby daughter Consy in January
Gemma Collins wows in dazzling black dress as she makes an unlikely appearance alongside Liam Gallagher at his daughter's 21st birthday celebration
Bella Hadid snuggles up with boyfriend The Weeknd and even licks his face in new social media pics
Newly-single Stacey Dooley turns to her mum Di for support as they join a whole host of stars in precious Mother's Day photoshoot
Amanda Holden, 48, swaps her BGT stylist in a bid to change her controversy-sparking looks for couture gowns... two years after garnering 663 Ofcom complaints
Geri Horner 'ghosts' Mel B after bombshell sex revelation leaving Spice Girls tour rehearsals in 'chaos'
Love Island's Chris Hughes calls Little Mix's Jesy Nelson his 'best friend' as the pair pose for a loved-up snap in Brighton
Lewis Capaldi jokes that after five weeks at the top of the charts he's 'retiring to follow his true dreams of becoming an 80's porn star'
Emmerdale's paedophile teacher Maya Stepney set to 'groom SECOND teen victim Noah Dingle in a bid to make Jacob Gallagher jealous'
Scarlett Moffatt puts on leggy display in PVC-style shorts and towering heels as she leads the line-up at Sink The Pink
Pete Davidson looks clean-cut in a smart camel coat during shopping trip in NYC... as girlfriend Kate Beckinsale attends NAACP Image Awards
Bella Thorne reveals her ample bosom and toned abs as she rocks unique one-strap bandeau and skintight jeans
Holly Willoughby cuts a casual figure as she excitedly feeds a giraffe during family day out at the zoo 
'As a woman, it was terrifying!' Game of Thrones' Gwendoline Christie reveals how transforming into character Brienne of Tarth forced her to 'accept her androgyny'
'I just love food': Chrissy Teigen reveals she's 20 lbs heavier than before having son Miles when she suffered Postpartum depression
Khloe Kardashian shakes off her woes over 'ruined' family as she takes 11-month-old daughter True to the park
Jordyn Woods trades private jets for public transport in Manchester... as she continues her UK adventures amid Kardashian drama
'I didn't know who she was!' Actor Alexander Skarsgård reveals he had never heard of Lady Gaga before starring in her Paparazzi music video
Ant McPartlin reveals he's 'talking again' with his estranged father Ray... after he walked out on his TV star son when he was 10
Crossing the Line (of Duty): Actor Stephen Graham reveals BBC police show almost caused chaos when stars filmed in Belfast dressed as machine-gun wielding criminals 
TALK OF THE TOWN:  New mum Billie Piper is a sucker for dummy as former Dr Who star takes a stroll with little Tallulah while committing a fashion faux pas
TALK OF THE TOWN: Does Lottie Moss really need a dating app to find love? Mystery as Kate's little sister signed up for Hinge
Kourtney Kardashian appears in high spirits in sweater and leggings as she catches up with a pal ahead of a facial
TALK OF THE TOWN:  Ellie dumps lucrative deal with shampoo firm in animal testing storm after learning the firm uses rabbits to develop products
TALK OF THE TOWN: Julia Roberts makes a very fruity phone call as Instagram goes bananas 
Jennifer Lopez oozes sex appeal in a tiny black dress before covering up in massive fur coat on the New York set of stripper flick Hustlers
Tom Daley and husband Dustin Lance Black are doting dads as they take baby son Robbie swimming for the first time
Nicole Richie freaks out her fans as she reveals her creepy connection to Jordan Peele's new thriller Us
Alex Rodriguez returns to the Yankee Stadium for a baseball date with fiancee Jennifer Lopez
Boyzone's Keith Duffy too 'unwell' to perform in Australia as the band continue their tour as a three piece while the singer recovers in Thailand
Britain's Got Talent's dramatic trailer for 13th season sees Ant and Dec joke about 'superstitious nonsense' and teases nail-biting auditions
Bella Hadid flaunts her taut abs as she steps out with mom Yolanda Hadid ahead of a flight 
Kady McDermott puts on a busty display in bondage-style top as she joins Myles Barnett at bar launch in Stevenage... after TOWIE axe
Diplo can't take his hands off of blue-haired mystery babe while taking a beach break from Ultra Music Festival in Miami
Martin Freeman claims he almost missed out on The Office and Sherlock roles that made him a worldwide star because he was a 'moody p****' at auditions 
Gogglebox viewers alert the RSPCA to Ellie Warner's on-screen 'dog abuse' after she SHOVES her pet... as she apologises for the 'harsh treatment' 
Snooty palace snobs still have it in for 'Me-Gain': Duchess of Sussex remains under fire from courtiers but she can count on her 'utterly besotted' husband Harry 
Gigi Hadid embraces hippie chic style while rocking tie-dye Polo tee through NYC 
Seann Walsh insists 'something has to change' as he receives a death threat from a cruel online troll
Rose McGowan says her dogs 'saved her life' while she faced dark times during Harvey Weinstein scandal
Imogen Thomas reveals her toned legs in plunging multicoloured mini dress and studded heels as she enjoys dinner in London  
TOWIE SPOILER: Courtney Green weighs in on Chloe Sims and Dan Edgar's budding romance as reality star claims he 'ISN'T the one for her'
Richard E. Grant beams as he receives a fake Oscar statue made for him by a friend... after losing out on Best Supporting Actor to Mahershala Ali
Helen Flanagan looks sensational in animal print dress and black fascinator as she attends swanky party in Dubai
Miley Cyrus playfully poses up in her father Billy Ray's Stetson hat as she continues to show off her new Hannah Montana-inspired haircut 
Revealed: BBC Flog It! Expert who publicly pledged to stop selling ivory in 2016 has put up more than 265 items containing controversial material for auction in past three years
Eva Longoria is all smiles as she braves the Toronto morning chill to play director for new project Glamorous
Katie Price is every-inch the doting mum as she shares adoring snaps with four of her children... after sparking concern in 'drunk' video with son Harvey
Emily Ratajkowski puts on an animated display as she channels her inner diva with plenty of bling to dance around to Rosalía's Con Altura
Stacey Dooley beams as she steps out in London... amid claims her 'close relationship with Kevin Clifton sparked split from beau Sam Tucknott'
Zac Efron launches new travel adventure YouTube channel and video-blog, Off The Grid
Love Island's Jess Shears shows off her sensational curves in white lace lingerie as she poses for sultry snap
Kim Kardashian shares rare early morning family selfie with Kanye West while sporting a full face of glam 
'My family doesn't want to leave': Natalie Portman hints she could make a permanent move Down Under as she poses for a photo shoot in Vogue Australia
Zendaya searches for 'that feeling' in trippy new teaser for HBO series Euphoria about 'navigating drugs, sex, and friendship' in high school
Daniel Craig cuts a casual figure while jetting out of JFK Airport as Bond 25 filming gets underway in Norway
Wes Nelson appeals for singletons as he and Jack Fowler joke they're 'starting their own Love Island' in LA following Megan Barton-Hanson split
EL NIMBYS! British stars including former Doctor Who actor Peter Capaldi and Genesis drummer Chris Stewart battle plan to install 362 pylons near their second homes in Spanish beauty spot
'Pop music has been so shallow and stupid': British dance duo Basement Jaxx say they 'feel it's a good time' for a comeback as culture 'needs something authentic again'
Chloe Green hangs out with pals in Monaco as she returns from sun-kissed vacation to Thailand with boyfriend Jeremy Meeks 
Candice Swanepoel swings into the sunset wearing a jaw-dropping black bikini during Tulum getaway
Kelly Ripa celebrates hubby Mark Consuelos' 48th birthday with a montage of hunky photos
Daisy Lowe, 30, beams with lookalike mum Pearl, 48, and rarely-seen half-sister Betty Goffey, 13, as they pose for sweet Mother's Day photoshoot
Jordyn Woods flaunts her killer curves in plunging leather jacket and trousers during London night out... after being left 'mortified' by new KUWTK trailer
Netflix fans go WILD for first trailer of Stanley Tucci thriller The Silence... yet sceptical viewers note the movie looks A LOT like A Quiet Place
Mollie King puts on a VERY cosy display with on-off beau Stuart Broad during romantic London stroll... as they confirm recent reunion 
Iskra Lawrence flashes her midriff in a white crop top and leggings as she jets out of LAX wearing shiny silver coat
Halle Berry, 52, showcases her awesomely toned abs before her trainer shares step-by-step rundown of her fitness routine
Gemma Atkinson reveals her growing baby bump in tight black vest top as she attends fitness festival in Dublin
Sir David Attenborough accuses fish farms of threatening the survival of wild salmon through breeding genetically weaker specimens
Maya Jama flaunts her trim pins in quirky slogan co-ords as she leaves BBC Broadcasting House to soak up the spring sunshine
Iskra Lawrence displays her incredible curves in series of sizzling swimsuits as she hits the beach in Florida for latest smouldering shoot
Danielle Lloyd shows off incredible weight loss as she reveals she's dropped 23lbs in just 12 weeks... ahead of her wedding to Michael O'Neill
Doutzen Kroes flaunts her tanned and toned figure in a cheeky leopard print swimsuit at the beach in Miami
Game Of Thrones' Peter Dinklage looks every inch the doting dad as he enjoys fun scooter ride with daughter, six, in New York
EastEnders viewers left emotional by Jack Branning's 'powerful' speech as he finds bruises on Tiffany Butcher amid her drugs gang ordeal
Outrage as Labour activist accuses Rachel Riley of 'prostituting her religion' in appalling torrent of abusive messages
TOWIE's Clelia Theodorou flaunts her sun-kissed abs in a yellow bikini as she shares sizzling throwback snap in Thailand
Konnie Huq cosies up to Black Mirror creator husband Charlie Brooker as they enjoy rare public outing with sweet sons Covey, 7, and Huxley, 5
Elizabeth Hurley, 53, continues her age-defying display as she slips into a TINY bikini during Indian getaway
Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry reveals she's bought her own salon aged just 23... as the surgery-fanatic makes plans for a 'House of Aesthetics'
Nikki Sanderson dazzles in a neon yellow bikini as she relaxes in the sun on a romantic holiday with boyfriend Greg Whitehurst
Iman Bowie, 63, commands attention in a dramatic red ruffled gown as she joins chic Jourdan Dunn and Izabel Goulart at star-studded Love Ball Arabia
'It helped him open up to me': Danielle Lloyd candidly reveals her son Archie is undergoing therapy for anxiety aged just eight
'It was a one-night-stand!' Dec pokes fun at his stint with Holly Willoughby on I'm A Celeb... as Ant insists the replacement felt like 'cheating'
Jussie Smollett skips NAACP awards where he was nominated for a best supporting actor - as the brothers implicated in the alleged hate crime see their fitness business
'They're looking forward to welcoming the newest member to their family': Miranda Kerr announces she's pregnant with her second child to husband Evan Spiegel
Simon Thomas beams as he joins son Ethan, nine, at screening... after vowing to return to work following his wife's death 17 months ago
Tori Spelling's husband Dean McDermott defends 90210 star after she is mom-shamed online for giving her kids a muffin
Myleene Klass reveals growing baby bump in jacket and tracksuit bottoms as she departs Global Radio studios in London
Louise Redknapp cuts a stylish figure as she joins Amber Turner and co-star Natalie McQueen at party celebrating her return to 9 to 5: The Musical 
Sharon Osbourne, 66, reignites feud with Simon Cowell as she claims he fired her from The X Factor for being 'too old'
Joanna Gaines' older children are 'completely obsessed' with nine-month-old Crew... as she praises how her kids have bonded with new baby
Eleanor Tomlinson looks casually cool in a shearling jacket and baker boy hat as she takes her dog Bert for a walk
Nicolas Cage said he was 'too drunk' to get married in annulment papers filed four days after he tied the knot in  Vegas - as new pictures emerge of another bust-up with his 'wife'
'Girls just want to have sun!' Nicole Kidman shows off her endless trim pins while relaxing on a deck chair alongside a pristine beach
Ex-EastEnders star Jill Halfpenny 'has intimate photos leaked online by hackers in cyber attack'
Mel B flaunts her trim figure in a tiny purple bikini for saucy selfie... as she shirks the drama after THAT Geri Horner sex confession 
Kylie Jenner flashes underboob in bikini top and sheer dress as she shares sizzling snaps from vacation with Travis Scott
Sheryl Crow, 57, displays her age-defying figure in a plunging minidress and thigh-high boots for Rock & Roll Hall of Fame event in New York
Paris Jackson looks happy and relaxed as she walks her dog with beau Gabriel Glenn... after 'accidentally cutting herself during wild night of partying'
Why I can't live without HRT: BBC Radio 4 star KIRSTY LANG reveals she is going back on therapy 'that makes her feel "me"' despite the risk of her breast cancer returning 
Janelle Monáe flashes her bra in stunning sequinned suit as she honours legend Janet Jackson at Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame Awards
Jada Pinkett Smith UNFOLLOWS Kris Jenner, Khloe and Kim Kardashian on Instagram after Jordyn Woods drama
Janet Jackson thanks son Eissa for showing her 'the meaning of real, unconditional love' during Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame acceptance speech
Hippy chic! Sailor Brinkley-Cook shows off her model genes as she stuns in a series of retro looks for a Stellar magazine fashion shoot
Parents of Love Island star Sophie Gradon, 32, want to pay £5,000 to unlock her phones as they continue call for answers over her death eight months ago
Fashion designer Alice Temperley who made wedding dresses for Millie Mackintosh and Kelly Clarkson is selling her Notting Hill wedding boutique for £3.25m
Stevie Nicks mistakes Harry Styles for an *NSYNC member as the nail varnish-wearing hunk joins her on-stage at Rock & Roll Hall Of Fame
Jennifer Lopez throws her hands up while surrounded by police as she dons skintight ensemble for the new stripper film Hustlers
Declan Donnelly reveals he almost SPLIT from TV partner Ant McPartlin over his 'indefensible' drink-drive scandal
Gigi Hadid PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Model shares a hug with a stylist friend during 12-hour shoot in Mexico... before SLAMMING trolls for mocking her frazzled look after a long day
Strictly's Stacey Dooley's 'split from beau Sam Tucknott was triggered by her close relationship with dance partner Kevin Clifton'
Rachel McCord displays her incredible physique in sexy black swimsuit with sheer inserts and a plunging neckline for eye-wear shoot in LA
Kylie Jenner shows off her natural beauty by going make-up free in selfie (and gives rare look at freckles)
Rihanna shows cheeky side in sheer yellow camisole and panties as she models own Savage x Fenty lingerie
MasterChef champion is revealed as Irini Tzortzoglou, 61, after the show's first ever all-female final
Drew Barrymore says she's 'dying' to make another movie with her dear friend Adam Sandler
Gigi Hadid has dinner with mother Yolanda Hadid in NYC amid reports she 'still has feelings' for ex Zayn
Cindy Bruna ensures all eyes are on her as she looks sensational in a black crepe dress and barely-there heels for Love Ball Arabia
'I am more than my weight': Demi Lovato responds to body shaming headline with a powerful body positive message
Olivia Culpo wears impossibly tight red latex dress for JBL Audio event as she turns up the heat in Miami
Multi-millionaire singer Adele's estranged father who has not spoken to daughter for years is 'making £50 a day as a Yodel driver'
'What could be offensive about talented dancers?' Hollywood actor and NRL team owner Russell Crowe at centre of cheerleader controversy
Charles is trying to sideline the Duke of York because his reputation as Airmiles Andy is 'damaging the family firm' and could 'ruin the Queen's legacy', royal insiders claim
That's brazen! Justin Bieber's 'ex-fling' Sahara Ray leaves very little to the imagination as she poses NAKED in a bathtub during Mexican jaunt
Liam Neeson 'profoundly apologises' for his 'black b*****d' rape revenge comments as actor claims the event 'ignited irrational thoughts' and doesn't 'represent' who he is
Malin Andersson pens heartbreaking letter ahead of Mother's Day admitting she questions 'if I was ever a mother myself' after losing daughter Consy in January
Jordyn Woods wraps up her London trip after posting behind the scenes shots of an upcoming project
Ant McPartlin 'earned £3million last year' despite taking time off work following drink-drive conviction and rehab stint
Sophie Turner looks effortlessly chic in a blue long-sleeved dress as she poses up a storm with her Dark Phoenix co-stars at WonderCon
Mama June's boyfriend Geno is arrested for violating DUI probation on latest From Not To Hot... just MONTHS before crack cocaine possession charge
'How I'll ache for my magnificent, bolshy, big-hearted wife on Mother's Day': TV news star COLIN BRAZIER on life eight months after losing his beloved Jo
TOWIE's Sam Mucklow says Mike Thalassitis' tragic death has prompted the reality show to give stars access to a psychologist who is available 24/7
EDEN CONFIDENTIAL: Duchess of Cambridge drafts in former Vogue editor as her secret weapon in battle to stay stylish
Kristen Bell flaunts her toned midriff in a purple top as she hits the gym in LA
Kimberly Stewart packs on the PDA with film producer beau Jesse Shapira as they can't keep their hands off each other during shopping spree
Gemma Collins proves romance with James Argent is definitely back on as the pair don matching sunglasses to share steamy bath together
Cheryl flaunts her trim frame in a strapless denim corset as she reveals her new lighter locks in sultry social media clip
Lady Victoria Hervey, 42, leaves nothing to the imagination as she slips into VERY revealing £5 million diamond-encrusted cobweb dress
Kris Jenner breaks her silence saying she prays about Khloe Kardashian's cheating scandal with Tristan Thompson and Jordyn Woods
Gabrielle Union opts for fab florals on a date night with hubby Dwyane Wade in New York City
Nicolas Cage can't offload San Francisco mansion despite dropping the price by $1m to $11m... as he files to get his Vegas wedding annulled
Nicky Hilton is a polka dot peach at star-studded Love Ball benefit in Qatari capital Doha
Game Of Thrones star Maisie Williams reveals her final day on set was 'really beautiful' and says it was 'the right time to say goodbye' to Arya Stark
Katie Price sparks concern as fans claim she is 'drunk' during video with son Harvey... amid claims she has shut down business with £24k debts
Liverpool indie band Her's who died alongside their manager in head-on van crash in Arizona were killed by a wrong-way driver, US officials say 
Hilary Duff gets out of legal trouble with some help from Sutton Foster on the set of Younger
Vicky Pattison teases her pert posterior in steamy naked bathtub snap... after deciding to 'call things off' with boyfriend Ercan Ramadan
Dan Osborne reveals GIANT new leg tattoo of daughter Mia amid claims he and wife Jacqueline 'sleep in separate beds' following 'cheating scandal'
Mark Wahlberg and wife Rhea Durham keep it casual in stonewash jeans for a stroll in Beverly Hills
David Beckham and Wayne Rooney lead the Mother's Day celebrations as they mark occasion with sweet family snaps and lavish gifts
Jennifer Lopez, 49, looks phenomenal in a neon pink bikini on the set of her stripper film Hustlers... as her fiance Alex Rodriquez goes crazy for the snap
Little Mix's Jesy Nelson flashes her abs in a crop top and £880 Gucci joggers as she joins Perrie Edwards and Leigh-Anne Pinnock in LA
Jamie Dornan welcomes his third child with wife Amelia Warner as star reveals they have another daughter in cute Mother's Day post
Pregnant Alex Jones details her secret heartache as she reveals she hosted The One Show an hour after learning she'd suffered a miscarriage in 2017
Liam Payne gushes over 'super mum' Cheryl in Mother's Day Instagram post and says he doesn't know what he and son Bear would do without her
Rio Ferdinand gushes over fiancé Kate Wright in Mother's Day post as he thanks her for keeping the memory of his late wife Rebecca Ellison alive
Simon Thomas posts touching Mother's Day tribute to late wife Gemma... as he spends the day with son Ethan making pancakes
Vicky Pattison PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Star rekindles romance with beau Ercan Ramadan as they enjoy cosy dinner date... days 'after calling things off'
Malin Andersson pays tribute to her late mum and baby Consy as she marks her first Mother's Day since the death of her newborn daughter
Supergirl's Amy Jackson announces she's pregnant with her first child in sweet Mother's Day post three months after confirming her engagement
Love Island bosses 'set to launch new dating series' after vowing to change their reality show aftercare policy in wake of Mike Thalassitis' tragic death 
Carol Vorderman, 58, flaunts her sensational curves in leopard print dress at the F1 Bahrain Grand Prix
Louise Redknapp admits it was 'easy to blame' ex Jamie for her struggles with self-esteem as she reflects on their divorce in candid interview
Miranda Kerr cradles her blossoming baby bump in elegant cape gown in Germany as she's seen for the first time since announcing her pregnancy
Brooklyn Beckham looks effortlessly stylish as he takes a stroll with his family's dogs Olive and Fig
Kim Kardashian sports an Indian headpiece and flashes her tummy in a clingy outfit as she takes North to a pal's wedding
'I'm so proud to call you mum': Davina McCall thanks stepmother Gaby for giving her 'stability' after her alcoholic mother abandoned her 
Sarah Hyland has a spring in her step wearing a breezy peach dress with beau Wells Adams as the pair head into unicorn-themed party
Caitlyn Jenner, 69, embraces platonic partner Sophia Hutchins with a hug as she rings in her 23rd birthday 
Gordon Ramsay reveals he enjoys the buzz of pushing himself towards the brink of a '200mph crash' in racing hobby
Robin Thicke looks like a charmer ahead of performance at The Cosmopolitan in Las Vegas
Emily Ratajkowski and husband Sebastian Bear-McClard put on loved up display at Knicks game in New York
Donna Air, 39, cuts a casual figure in a chambray shirt as she enjoys a Mother's Day treat at the London Eye
Louise Redknapp admits she felt like a 'failure' after divorce from Jamie and claims Strictly 'gave her a second chance at life' as she talks about love
Thandie Newton turns heads in show-stopping red ruffled gown as she attends NAACP Image Awards
Jersey Shore exes Ronnie Ortiz-Magro and Jen Harley appear on good terms as they celebrate their one-year-old's birthday together
Amy Schumer bares her growing baby bump in underwear selfie as she says 'feeling strong and beautiful today #didntpuke'
Cheryl Tweedy is latest star facing legal action from HMRC over alleged tax avoidance scheme that saw her 'make use of an artificial employee bonus scheme'
Punk rock superhero! Ruby Rose wears an edgy leather jacket and rides a motorbike in the first glimpse from the Batwoman set in Chicago
Molly Moorish dazzles in silver sequinned dress as she joins her father Liam Gallagher at her 21st birthday celebration after 19 years apart
Rod Stewart, 74, wraps up in hooded jacket as he supports Celtic team with sons Alastair, 13, and Aiden, seven, during rare outing in Glasgow
Paris Jackson arrives for her gig with band The Soundflowers as her mother Debbie Rowe comes out to show her support
The Voice UK: First live show is thrown into chaos as Tom Jones is interrupted by heckler while worried fans claim star 'doesn't seem himself'
Dancing Queen! Crown Princess Victoria shows off her 'flossing' moves with excited local students during Swedish hike
Mel B 'going on secret dates with former girlfriend Christine Crokos'...after revealing past fling with fellow Spice Girl Geri Horner 
Kendall Jenner rocks sheer tank top while out to lunch with friend Fai Khadra in West Hollywood
Crown Princess Mary of Denmark is made captain of the Home Guard to mark 70th anniversary - and mother-in-law Queen Margrethe looks on
Eurovison's Thomas 'Conchita Wurst' Neuwirth turns heads in daring corset-style top at the Golden Camera Awards in Germany
Lisa Vanderpump kisses a live bunny and poses with Chippendales dancers at the Vanderpump Cocktail Garden grand opening
Beyonce gets emotional as hubby Jay-Z thanks her onstage while scooping the NAACP Image Award
Hailey Baldwin's parents Stephen and Kennya pay her a visit after she moves into new Beverly Hills mansion with husband Justin Bieber
Carrie Underwood shares makeup-free workout selfie after revealing she's having a difficult time 'bouncing back' after giving birth to son Jacob
The Queen, 92, is to 'give up driving on public roads' following Prince Philip's horror car crash two months ago
Prince Jackson is seen for the first time since controversial Leaving Neverland documentary as he supports sister Paris at her gig 
Bob Saget finally weighs in on Full House co-star Lori Loughlin's college admission scandal: 'I just love who I love'
Beyonce looks leggy in white as she wins Entertainer of the Year at the 2019 NAACP Image Awards
Kourtney Kardashian rocks black skintight leggings as she grabs coffee with her ex-boyfriend Luka Sabbat
Tracee Ellis Ross makes a bold statement in feathered dress as she wins fifth straight Outstanding Actress trophy at NAACP Image Awards
Yara Shahidi shows some serious leg and makes a mid-show alteration to her black minidress at the 2019 NAACP Image Awards
Insiders claim Ant & Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway will be axed after 15 series - but ITV says show will return in 2020
Elle Macpherson proves age is just a number as she poses in chic hiking gear while trekking through Utah canyons to celebrate her 55th birthday
Sleeping beauty! Victoria's Secret model Maia Cotton flaunts her figure in Bonds pyjamas for a photo shoot with AFL star Dustin Martin
Emma Stone keeps a low profile in baseball cap while out grocery shopping with beau Dave McCary in Los Angeles
Gabrielle Union rocks bright fuchsia pantsuit while at husband Dwyane Wade's basketball game at Madison Square Garden
Issa Rae flaunts her giant diamond ring as she attends the NAACP Awards after pals confirm her engagement
Amber Heard is spotted out with rumored beau Andy Muschietti amid Johnny Depp lawsuit drama
 It must Bea serious! Princess Beatrice's new property developer boyfriend joins her and mum Fergie at a star-studded Bahrain grand prix
Emily Ratajkowski relaxes in a string bikini... after defending husband Sebastian Bear-McClard for living rent-free in New York loft
Geri Horner finally responds to Mel B romance claims as she insists she's looking forward to the Spice Girls' tour
Patsy Kensit looks worse for wear as she stumbles around after enjoying boozy four-hour drinking session with pals
Tania Mallet dies at 77: James Bond bosses mourn the loss of beloved Goldfinger actress
Kourtney Kardashian goes casual chic as she attends Kanye West's Sunday church service with her kids 
Khloe Kardashian and Kendall Jenner lead the star-studded arrivals for Kanye's Sunday Service
Pink SLAMS 'f***ing disgusting' trolls after they comment on her choice to circumcise two-year-old son Jameson
Holly Willoughby, 38, looks strikingly similar to glamorous mum Linda, 70, in sweet Mother's Day tribute
Jordyn Woods flashes her black lingerie in a very daring semi-sheer dress as she dines out in London
Kanye West confirms Coachella appearance on Easter Sunday as Kim Kardashian cheers for her husband during his church worship
Myleene Klass reveals she thought she would 'never trust again' before she met Simon Motson and admits she could see them getting married one day  
Sophie Turner reveals Game of Thrones co-star Kit Harington was paid THREE TIMES more than her as she discusses her career, romance and #MeToo
Game of Thrones' Isaac Hempstead-Wright reflects on the chaos of university life after he was instantly recognised for his role as Bran Stark
Kimberley Walsh is every-inch the doting parent as she shares adorable snap with her two sons for Mother's Day
Kelly Brook, 39, posts a gorgeous Mother's Day snap on Instagram as fans are left stunned at how similar the pair look
Clara McGregor pens heartfelt message to mark dad Ewan's birthday... after previously branding him an 'a******e man'
Victoria: Jenna Coleman is torn between safety and destiny as political upheaval continues... but a twist puts royal couple at breaking point
The body count, corruption, and unbearable intrigue started early in Line Of Duty 5. Jed Mercurio has done it again, by Jim Shelley
10 Questions we need answering after Episode One of Line Of Duty Season Five, by Jim Shelley
Charlotte Crosby shows off her sensational figure in a printed crop top as she throws Mother's Day bash for mum Letitia
Katie Price gets back behind the wheel of a new car weeks after being handed a three month driving ban (but it's only for another selfie)
David Beckham looks suave in a white sports jacket at the Bahrain Grand Prix... as former footballer takes a crafty snap of winner Lewis Hamilton
Catherine Zeta-Jones, 49, looks effortlessly glamorous in bold floral dress as she spends Mother's Day with son Dylan, 18, at Bahrain Grand Prix
A star is born? Hailey Baldwin accompanies Justin Bieber in song about his pal Dan Kanter on Instagram
Bar Refaeli displays her incredible physique in a distinctive nude bikini during sun-drenched holiday in the Maldives
Presenter Rachael Bland's widower reveals their son asks almost EVERY day about his 'magic' wife, as they plan Mother's Day without her
Taylor Swift pays tribute to boyfriend Joe Alwyn by wearing a gold ring bearing his initials as she joins guests at Cats wrap party
Gigi Hadid heads into brunch in New York City while rocking a tabloid themed T-shirt
Anna Faris lets boyfriend Michael Barrett lead the way as they head home from romantic dinner date
Sarah Paulson, 44, teams sharp suit with sneakers for date night with girlfriend Holland Taylor, 76
Charlize Theron keeps a low profile as she hunts for produce at the Studio City Farmers Market with her kids
Sarah Michelle Gellar is a proud mum as she watches son Rocky, six, play his first game of basketball
10 Things I Hate About You director was eager to cast Heath Ledger due to his 'palpable sexuality'
Cheryl Burke stuns in white dress as bride-to-be celebrates upcoming wedding to fiance Matthew Lawrence with a shower hosted by Leah Remini
Caroline Flack, 39, is pictured sharing a kiss with rugby hunk Danny Cipriani, 31, after 'spending two nights with him'
Louis Tomlinson's sister Daisy shares a heartbreaking Mother's Day tribute to late mum Johannah... weeks after the death of sibling Félicité
Sofia Richie poses in animal print bikini and sunglasses on the beach for Instagram snap
Emmerdale star Claire King admits fans often forget  Kim Tate isn't real... as she recalls the moment one hit her over the head with an umbrella
Katie Price's sister jokes she's the 'least troublesome child' in cheeky Mother's Day card... amid claims mum Amy is 'exasperated' with ex glamour model 
Kym Marsh reveals daughter Polly is poised to follow in her footsteps as youngster prepares to make her acting debut at the age of eight
Emily Andre, 29, admits she will 'never say never' to having a third child with husband Peter, 46, after he hinted at plans for another baby
Rapper Nipsey Hussle, 33, dead after being 'gunned down' in front of his clothing store... moments after chillingly tweeting 'having strong enemies is a blessing'
Gareth Gates and fiancée Faye Brookes discuss plans for 'intimate' wedding abroad as she shows off new 'G' tattoo in swimwear shoot
'Nature is savage': Blue Planet Live viewers are shocked as a seagull snatches a baby turtle yards from the oblivious host
Angelina Jolie strolls hand in hand with daughter Vivienne as they shop for flowers
Zoe Saldana enjoys dinner out in Beverly Hills... after saying she's 'happy' James Gunn will direct Guardians Of the Galaxy Vol. 3
Reese Witherspoon looks sporty as she puts herself through a grueling run in the sun
Dumbo takes the top spot at the box office with $45 million... but falls far short of expectations
Fear The Walking Dead: Season five trailer goes from hopeful to ominous and reveals second Walking Dead crossover character
New father Andy Cohen dresses baby 'King' Benjamin in regal crown-patch onesie for RHOA finale
Mindy Kaling gives fans a rare glimpse into 'lazy Sundays' with one-year-old daughter Katherine
Mel B hits back at Geri Horner for 'making her out to be a LIAR' with her denial as 'bad blood leaves them both dreading Spice Girls rehearsals'
Justin Bieber sends fans into a frenzy by sharing sonogram and pictures of Hailey with a 'bump'... but finally admits it's an April Fools' Day prank 
Comedy giant Stephen Merchant transforms into Grindr serial killer Stephen Port as he takes on a much darker role in The Barking Murders
Ariana Grande raps about liking both 'women and men' as she fans declare her new single Monopoly a 'bisexual anthem'
'It would be fantastic to fall in love with someone wonderful': Elizabeth Hurley, 53, reflects on the single life and being 'best friends' with her exes
Vick Hope talks about the TV opportunity that changed her life as she supports National Lottery-funded grassroots project Breadwinners
Grange Hill's Zammo is headed for EastEnders as actor Lee MacDonald, 50, returns to screens after 32 years
Did Mel B's ex-husband Jimmy Gulzar hint that Geri Horner quitting Spice Girls was linked to the women's 'deeper relationship' in unearthed interview? 
Fans accuse Kardashian-Jenners of Photoshopping their new KUWTK photo, as they point out Khloe's MISSING legs and Kourtney's SIXTH toe
Joanne Froggatt PICTURE EXCLUSIVE:  Downton Abbey star engages in VERY heated conversation with husband James Cannon
Caroline Flack, 39, 'is already planning another date' with lothario Danny Cipriani, 31, after two-day hook up
Hailey Baldwin grabs frozen yogurt with parents Stephen and Kennya... before husband Justin Bieber sets the internet alight with pregnancy hoax 
Louise Redknapp is in high spirits as she and 9 to 5 co-star Brian Conley exit the Savoy Theatre... after admitting she felt like a 'failure' after divorce from Jamie
Geri Horner re-learns Spice Up Your Life moves as she rehearses for tour... hours after breaking her silence on Mel B's 'hurtful' lesbian romp claims
Want your garden to look fresh and amazing this summer? These are the 9 smart tips you need to keep your outside space green
'There's no escape from Bodyguard': Keeley Hawes admits she's struggling to shake off the role of Julia Montague in the hit BBC thriller
'The last time I did a TV series I was getting my A-level results': Kate Beckinsale, 45, on her return to the small screen in ITV's The Widow
Georgia Steel INFURIATES Celebs On The Ranch viewers (and co-stars) with her incessant screeching about how much she wants to ride a pony
Made In Chelsea: Maeva strips down to her lingerie for Miles after he tempts her with his chocolate fondue... but things soon take a VERY nasty turn
The Chase's Mark Labbett only realised wife Katie was his cousin three years AFTER they got married... as couple are hit by cheating claims
Killing Eve's Jodie Comer admits she 'always worries' about her weight as she discusses body image and breaking boundaries as Villanelle
Mick Jagger will undergo heart surgery this week to replace damaged valve after cancelling Rolling Stones' tour, report claims
Kate Wright pays tribute to Rio Ferdinand's late wife Rebecca Ellison with sweet Mother's Day card 
Holly Willoughby is left in tears after a car CRASHES following disastrous makeover on This Morning (but it's all an April Fool's prank!)
Ashley Graham glows in a bright blue jacket after giving a speech at Manhattan's New School
Caitlyn Jenner, 69, runs errands solo after Sophia Hutchins, 23, calls her 'amazing loving partner'
Love Island's Hannah Elizabeth displays her VERY ample assets as she slips into a racy leopard print two-piece to launch her first bikini range
Joy Corrigan sends temperatures soaring as she displays her envy-inducing physique in neon green swimsuit in Mexico
Sienna Miller bundles up in a bright beanie and a khaki jacket as she strolls with daughter Marlowe, 6, in New York
Alex Jones displays her baby bump in a corduroy shirt and jeans... after revealing she hosted The One Show an hour after suffering a miscarriage
Christine McGuinness displays her sensational figure as she hits the  shops... after revealing she 'gave up on her appearance following childbirth
Chubby stars don't get any sex scenes and are usually only cast as 'the fat friend', complains Late Late Show host James Corden 
SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Da ya think I'm flexy? Rod Stewart's daughter, Renee, 26, shuns his rock 'n' roll lifestyle and becomes a yoga guru
Bebe Rexha says she does not identify as straight and has difficulty dating: 'I feel like everyone's scared of me, guys and girls'
Taylor Swift's stalker pleads guilty to violating probation and will serve two to four years in prison for breaking into her apartment a THIRD time 
Sophie Turner reveals she wants to keep her wedding to Joe Jonas as 'low-key as possible' as she hints the pair may tie the knot this year
Kylie Jenner is set to release her first fragrance with Kim Kardashian... and the bottle will be shaped like her lips
Katie Price says she feels 'disgusting' when she looks at herself after gaining 1.5 stone following a turbulent year
Dani Dyer tries to pretend dad Danny had a secret hook up with Mel B as she plays epic April Fool's prank live on air
Married At First Sight star's father makes grovelling apology after viewers blasted the 'superficial' dad for looking unimpressed with bride Verity
Nicolas Cage's bride has criminal past with two DUIs: Details emerge about Erika Koike as actor seeks annulment following boozy Vegas wedding
Coronation Street SPOILER: New scenes hints at Carla Connor's 'mental breakdown' after Underworld factory roof collapse... as she is rescued by Roy Cropper
Kylie Jenner cradles baby Stormi as she jets home with boyfriend Travis Scott after family holiday
Snoop Dogg films Law And Order: Special Victims Unit as he mourns murdered pal Nipsey Hussle
The Game breaks down over death of Nipsey Hussle as rapper roams the streets of Los Angeles at 4am: 'I can't sleep. I'm disgusted by this s**t!'
Pierce Brosnan cuts a dapper figure in a blue shirt and flip flops as he enjoys lunch in the Californian sunshine
PICTURED: Emma Roberts holds hands with Garrett Hedlund on romantic stroll... just weeks after her split from Evan Peters
Ariel Winter sports combat boots at Gray Studios in LA... after protesting Georgia's 'fetal heartbeat' abortion bill
EXCLUSIVE: Patricia Arquette finally finishes her heart-breaking memoir which details the agony of losing her HIV positive, transgender sister
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley puts on another sartorially astute display as she strikes a sultry pose in stylish pink power suit and heels
Ellie Goulding, 32, is unrecognisable in teenage throwback as she gives the peace sign in colourful neon outfit, hairband and bangles
Jordyn Woods poses in a bikini while enjoying a 'spa day'... as she appears  far from upset over new season of KUWTK that will cover Tristan scandal
Kylie Jenner's Twitter profile now features Jordyn Woods... after makeup mogul denied slashing BFF's lip kit prices in wake of cheating scandal 
Lily Collins sparks pregnancy rumours as she cradles huge bump... but reveals it's only an April Fool's joke
Felicity Huffman is pictured with her younger daughter Georgia amid college bribery scandal
Lori Loughlin beams as she dodges questions about college bribery scandal while going to yoga and buying flowers
Jerry O'Connell and wife Rebecca Romijn cut casual figures in denim as they fly out of Toronto
John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum posters introduce new characters including Halle Berry's Sofia and Anjelica Huston's The Director
Jessica Alba lists spacious Spanish-style former home in Beverly Hills for $6.195M
Inside Kris Jenner's $12m Palm Springs paradise: Momager's lavish holiday compound revealed on Keeping Up With The Kardashians
Kris Jenner and Kourtney Kardashian's alleged cyber-stalker released from prison ... days after a man obsessed with Kendall Jenner apprehended
EXCLUSIVE: Georgia Steel reveals she's heard Megan Barton Hanson 'slag her off' as she blasts co-stars for letting fame 'go to their heads'
Kylie Jenner shares a cute video of daughter Stormi walking down a flight of stairs with the help of Travis Scott as she holds a mini Hermes  Birkin purse
Christine Lampard, 40, celebrates her first Mother's Day with a candlelit lunch alongside husband Frank and daughter Patricia
David Beckham sends fans wild with a snap where his reflection looks like PAUL CHUCKLE, 71, while waving the flag at Bahrain Grand Prix 
Kate Moss looks sensational in topless photoshoot for British Vogue as she poses for THREE different covers for the fashion bible 
Binky Felstead reunites with ex Josh 'JP' Patterson for Mother's Day as their families come together to celebrate with daughter India
'It's been very disappointing... it's simply not true': Geri Horner finally breaks her silence on Mel B's 'hurtful' lesbian romp claims
Jussie Smollett's sister Jurnee Smollett-Bell films DC superhero film Birds Of Prey with co-stars Margot Robbie and Mary Elizabeth Winstead
Katie Holmes models a summer dress as she enjoys red wine during a mystery vacation... after being spotted with beau Jamie Foxx
Bruce Willis lists beach-front compound on Turks and Caicos' exclusive Parrot Cay island for $33m... after building home from the ground up in 2000
50 Cent sells Connecticut mansion at a $15.5M loss for $3M and donates ALL OF IT to his G-Unity Foundation charity
How The View is a hotbed of bitchiness: Whoopi Goldberg wanted Barbara Walters' job and Elisabeth Hasselbeck erupted over 'lesbian romance' 
Asia Argento 'would not go public' with Harvey Weinstein claims again and says she forgives actor whose rape accusation 'ruined her year'
Britain's Got More Talent: Stephen Mulhern mocks Ant and Dec's long-awaited return in star-studded trailer ahead of new series
Former Coronation Street actress Shobna Gulati, 52, is 'knocked out' after being hit by falling scenery during Richard II play at Shakespeare's Globe 
Kourtney Kardashian displays her incredible bikini body as she jets to Palm Springs to get over Younes Bendjima on KUWTK
Mick Jagger, 75, plays with lookalike son Deveraux, two, on Miami beach as he relaxes with family after cancelling Rolling Stones' US tour 
Mark Wahlberg flashes a peace sign in Beverly Hills... after UFC fighter Conor McGregor challenges him to a fight
Cole Sprouse rocks '80s-inspired blazer and hat with co-star Camila Mendes as the pair take a break from filming Riverdale in Vancouver
John Cena's mystery date is revealed to be Canadian engineer Shay Shariatzadeh... after Nikki Bella said it would 'kill' her to see her ex with someone else
Line Of Duty manages to become the most watched show of 2019 so far after its first action-packed episode had 7.8m people hooked to their TVs
'This isn't going to end well': Bill Murray, Adam Driver and Selena Gomez battle zombies as they lead all-star cast in The Dead Don't Die trailer
It begins! Thor star Chris Hemsworth jets into Los Angeles for the first leg of the Avengers: Endgame press tour
Joey King promotes her new series The Act in a custom denim ensemble during lunch date in Los Angeles
Good Morning Britain fans baffled as Gemma Collins advises Theresa May on how to deal with Brexit in surprising political segment
Tamzin Outhwaite gives heartbreaking insight into first 'motherless Mother's Day'... amid cheating ex husband Tom Ellis' new marriage
Megan Barton Hanson flaunts her peachy posterior as she TWERKS in the toilet on another raucous night out with pals in Essex
Kelly Brook nails springtime chic as she slips into a feminine floral green minidress and pink trainers to head to her radio show
Jennifer Lopez and Constance Wu are seen sobbing on the New York set of their stripper drama Hustlers as they film a highly emotional scene
Hilary Duff enjoys a family day out with boyfriend Matthew Koma and baby Banks in New York
Lisa Rinna, 55, calls herself 'shameless' for sharing bikini photos taken by her husband Harry Hamlin as they celebrate 22 years together
Sir Mick becomes a great-grandfather for the second time: Jade Jagger shares a snap of daughter Assisi, 26, cradling a newborn baby
TOWIE's Pete Wicks can't keep his hands off yummy mummy girlfriend Georgina Mullins as they pack on the PDA at club appearance
Chris Evans is hard at work filming his Apple series Defending Jacob... as the release date for his next movie Avengers: End Game fast approaches
Rapper Nipsey Hussle seen the day before he was murdered outside his clothing store as it's revealed his death was 'likely gang related'
Jeremy Vine leaves viewers in hysterics after he is EGGED by Storm Huntley in hilarious April Fool's prank 
Emmerdale's Danny Miller left furious after 'perverted' fan films him NAKED whilst using the gym showers
Katie Price's mum Amy bursts into tears as she describes how 'proud' she is of her daughter while discussing battle with terminal lung condition
Robert Wagner, 89, makes rare appearance with wife Jill St John in LA... after new accusations the Hart To Hart star killed spouse Natalie Wood
Rose Byrne cuts a stylish figure in floral printed dress as she films scenes for Peter Rabbit 2 opposite co-stars David Oyelowo and Domhnall Gleeson
Victoria Beckham reveals she ALWAYS travels with tea in her suitcase as celebrities explain what truly makes you British 
Katie Piper reveals she was rushed to hospital on Mother's Day after slicing her arm open and needing five stitches
Ronnie Wood, 71, and wife Sally, 41, enjoy family day out at the beach with twin daughters after Rolling Stones postpone their US and Canada tour
Mel B's sister Danielle Brown reveals she is five months pregnant with her third child 
Dani Dyer enjoys Mother's Day outing with parents Danny and Jo and younger siblings
Elle Fanning looks ethereal in an elegant printed white skirt suit as she attends photocall for her new movie Teen Spirit
David Guetta, 51, can't keep his hands off girlfriend Jessica Ledon, 27, who looks sensational in a black cut-out swimsuit during beach day in Miami 
Tori Spelling and Jennie Garth enjoy girls' trip to Israel ahead of 90210 reboot 
Jameela Jamil proudly displays her stretch marks as she goes topless while relaxing in the sun in candid make-up free snap
Pregnant Gemma Atkinson shows off her baby bump as her 'guardian angel' dog rests on her tummy in sweet Mother's Day post
Issa Rae flashes her diamond engagement ring in NYC while promoting the film Little... after friends confirm she is engaged to Louis Diam
He's a Broadway star! Cody Simpson celebrates the closing of hit musical Anastasia as he signs autographs and takes selfies with fans in New York City
Drew Barrymore stands out in red as she reveals she was '20lbs overweight' and her marriage 'wasn't working' when she began Santa Clarita Diet
Celebs On The Ranch star Georgia Steel shows off her wild side as she rides a mechanical bull in a plunging black top with co-star Courtney Green
Marvel is slammed over new promo photos for Avengers: Endgame - as fans insist ONLY the women have been 'airbrushed' to have 'no facial lines'
Cynthia Bailey is caught lying about Kenya Moore in hot mic moment as her friendship with NeNe Leakes hits an all time low in RHOA finale
Jim Chapman reveals he's moved out of his £2million London home and is living with his sister following shock split from wife Tanya Burr
A-list guests, NDAs and exclusive performances: Inside Kanye West's Sunday Service gatherings that are coming to Coachella this year
North West shows off her dance moves at dad Kanye West's Sunday church service
Billie Faiers' daughter Nelly shows off her singing skills as she performs an adorable Shallow duet with dad Greg Shepherd as a Mother's Day treat
Gabrielle Union cuts a sophisticated figure in bold cheetah print dress and black trench coat in New York City
Luann de Lesseps sports a chic white vest with a furry hood and jeans for brunch in The Hamptons
Phillip Schofield is STUNNED as Holly Willoughby surprises him with special birthday message from Dame Judi Dench
EastEnders star Louisa Lytton gushes about reuniting with pregnant co-star Lacey Turner as she says it's 'like they never left' the soap
Jeff Brazier's sons Bobby, 15, and Freddie, 14, clean their late mum Jade Goody's gravestone on Mother's Day as star praises his boys for their 'effort'
Royal flush! Meghan's favourite charities are 'blown away' by receiving £15K in 24 hours - after fans launched a viral campaign 
Nipsey Hussle, 33, was due to meet cops TODAY to discuss gang violence as stars pay tribute to rapper who  was shot dead outside his LA clothing store
Selma Blair wins praise for humorous make-up tutorial after revealing her MS makes it hard to apply cosmetics
Game Of Thrones star Peter Dinklage enjoys some quality time with his family as they head for a day out in The Hamptons
Born to run! James Middleton and Spencer Matthews enjoy a morning jog along the River Thames - with FIVE dogs in tow
Actor Omari Hardwick is blasted for kissing Beyonce TWICE and leaving her looking less than impressed during awkward encounter at NAACP Image Award
Baffling jargon and balaclavas? It can only be Line of Duty: JAN MOIR reviews hit drama from the writer of Bodyguard as it returns to BBC1 
Kim Kardashian's BFF Larsa Pippen exhibits her hourglass curves in a high-rise black swimsuit as she soaks up the sun on Miami beach
Myleene Klass shares a sweet Mother's Day tribute from daughter Ava, 11, describing her as 'both mum and dad'
Tiffany Watson flaunts her incredibly toned figure in a pastel pink thong bikini in sizzling throwback snap
Malin Andersson faces more heartache as 'sick' trolls create fake Instagram account claiming her late daughter is alive 
Katie Price cosies up to boyfriend Kris Boyson as he pays tribute to his mum Sharon with sweet Mother's Day post
Keith Richards, 75, goes shirtless as he enjoys a drink on the balcony after Rolling Stones postpone tour
Liza Minnelli, 73, enjoys a night out with George Hamilton... after saying she doesn't 'approve' of Renee Zellweger playing her mom Judy Garland
TOWIE's Clelia Theodorou turns up the heat in turquoise blue bikini as she shares a racy flashback image from her recent Thailand getaway
Barbra Streisand reveals her love of British food including scones, shepherd's pie and PASTIES as she chats to Zoe Ball on BBC Radio 2
Helen Flanagan exudes Old Hollywood glamour in navy ruched gown with a racy thigh-high slit as she attends the Dubai World Cup ball
Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry squeezes her killer curves into a TINY bikini for a sizzling Instagram snap
Christina Milian shows off her sizzling gym-honed abs in a knotted leopard print crop top and skimpy bikini bottoms
Charlotte Crosby EXCLUSIVE: Star reveals she sought psychiatric support after struggling between filming reality shows
Victoria's Secret Angel Jasmine Tookes sizzles in animal print bralet as she kisses Snapchat executive beau Juan Borrero during Costa Rica trip
Kim Kardashian is 'freaking out' about having a fourth child with Kanye West and admits she 'didn't think it was going to happen' 
Kanye West does his first on-camera KUWTK interview with wife Kim Kardashian in season 16 premiere
Justin Bieber gets flirty as he playfully grabs wife Hailey Baldwin's rear during outing together
Jennifer Garner proves she's the ultimate prankster as teases fans with new memoir Bless Your Heart on April Fool's Day 
Deliciously Ella admits the first few months of pregnancy were 'terrifying' and says she worries 'all day' about the responsibility 
Nina Agdal puts on a cheeky display in zebra print thong bikini as she laps up the sunshine in Turks and Caicos
John McEnroe, 60, catches the ball as he sits courtside at Knicks game wearing youthful backwards baseball cap and blinging chains
Amber Heard steps out with rumored beau Andy Muschietti... as actress stuns in a floral dress during another day date
It must Bea serious! Princess Beatrice's new property developer boyfriend joins her and mum Fergie at a star-studded Bahrain grand prix 
Rebecca Romijn dazzles in blue fringed dress with husband Jerry O'Connell at the 2019 Canadian Screen Awards
Caroline Flack, 39, hooks up with rugby hunk Danny Cipriani, (but at 31, isn't he a bit old for her?)
Chris Martin and Dakota Johnson are seen for the first time since 'filing a restraining order against stalker' 
Priyanka Chopra goes to her first Jonas Brothers concert and gushes on Instagram that 'it was incredible'
Game Of Thrones star Sophie Turner reveals she first got together with fiancé Joe Jonas after he 'slid into her DMs'
Kate Beckinsale shares clip of mum Judy Loe with a HUGE comedy sex toy in hilarious Mother's Day tribute
Fergie's not back with Andrew! Duchess of York denies romance rumours with Duke after they were said to be 'inseparable' on family getaway to Bahrain
 EXCLUSIVE: Rachel Riley accuses Labour of brushing antisemitism under the carpet as they investigated activist who trolled her A YEAR AGO but took no action
Ed O'Neill reveals details about final season of Modern Family on Ellen: 'We may go to Colombia - where Sofia Vergara's from'
Kim Kardashian confirms she's not running for President 2020 as she 'frantically' prepares for fourth child
North West is babysat by YouTube sensation Jojo Siwa as they wear matching rainbow outfits and make slime
Khloe Kardashian rocks a cowboy hat with denim as ex-boyfriend French Montana also shows up for Kanye West's Sunday Service
Dani Dyer and Jack Fincham SPLIT: Love Island star reveals they're 'not in a relationship anymore'...  months after rekindling their romance 
Patsy Kensit EXCLUSIVE: Star's male drinking companion during boozy lunch is a multi-millionaire biotech tycoon who claims they're 'just good friends'
Kara Tointon tends to her baby son as she is seen for the first time since her mother Carol tragically passed away
Rihanna looks sensational in a plunging off-the-shoulder neon yellow silk mini dress at her Fenty Beauty launch in London  
Dame Barbara Windsor makes a rare public appearance as she visits the west end with husband Scott Mitchell  following Alzheimer's diagnosis
Sam Quek recalls how she was banned from playing football at 10 because she was a GIRL, as she supports multi-ability sports project Superstars Club
Ulrika Jonsson, 51, accuses third husband Brian Monet of 'abandoning her' and says 'ghastly and painful' split has left her feeling 'weak and pathetic'
Carol Vorderman is delighted as her out-of-this-world bikini snap is flown to SPACE by her close NASA astronaut pal 
TOWIE PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Chloe Sims, 36, looks in high spirits after spending the night with Dan Edgar, 28, despite her family's disapproval
Mario Falcone rows with trolls over paternity leave... as fiancée Becky returns to work after five months and he becomes 'Daddy Day Care'
Harry Maguire and fiancée Fern Hawkins announce birth of daughter Lillie Saint... NINE MONTHS after England beat Colombia in the World Cup
Strictly's Oti Mabuse reveals husband Marius Lepure THREATENS her dance partners... and his violent reaction to cricketer Graeme Swann's token of appreciation
Wes Nelson's rumoured girlfriend Alicia Roddy 'gatecrashes' reality star's lads only holiday in Los Angeles with his Love Island pals
Love Island's Adam Collard gets cosy with Lisa Rinna's model daughter Delilah Hamlin hours after REMOVING tattoo tribute to Zara McDermott.
Gemma Collins downs half a pint of brandy as she films 'crazy' Celebrity Juice scenes with her beau James Argent
Ferne McCann catches the eye in teal green dress and designer belt as she attends potty training book launch without infant daughter Sunday
Imagine Dragons singer Dan Reynolds reveals his wife Aja Volkman is expecting their fourth child... three months after repairing their marriage
Georgia Steel sets pulses racing in a VERY revealing red bikini as she celebrates her 21st birthday in Dubai
Prince of the plié! Dad-to-be Harry takes part in a children's ballet class at a west London YMCA - as he discusses baby sleeping habits with a new mum
Jessica Chastain catches the eye in a red blazer as she joins James McAvoy on stage as 'terrifying' It: Chapter Two footage debuts at CinemaCon 
Kourtney Kardashian tells Scott Disick she doesn't want to give him 'mixed messages' by inviting him on a trip as he shoots back he's happy with Sofia
EXCLUSIVE: One of Hollywood's top acting coaches reveals how Leonardo DiCaprio FINALLY bagged an Oscar and the secrets to Lady Gaga's success
Spice Girls reveal their 20 Spice World 2019 tour dancers after the girl band whittled it down to 5,000 applicants
Geri Horner looks relaxed and carefree as she steps out with son Monty... amid Mel B's rage over being 'made to look like a liar' about lesbian fling
Zoe Ball is in a playful mood as she leaves Radio 2 after her breakfast broadcast in baggy jeans and a black trench coat
Joaquin Phoenix breaks hearts as woebegone antihero before transforming into maniacal villain... Joker's chilling first trailer is released
Margot Robbie looks happy leaving a  Hollywood restaurant as she has rare break from playing Harley Quinn in Birds Of Prey movie
Caggie Dunlop and Millie Mackintosh strut down the Kings Road wearing gym gear in typical Made In Chelsea style
Miley Cyrus seems to have a ball on the wild rides at Disneyland... after revisiting her Disney character Hannah Montana
Audrina Patridge and Mischa Barton look glamorous in heels as they're spotted filming The Hills at a nightclub in LA
Meghan WON'T pose for an 'on the steps' moment after leaving hospital with baby  because it doesn't fit with her 'feminist view'
Backstreet Boys... the next generation! Brian Littrell's lookalike son will be opening amazing act on upcoming tour
Vanessa Hudgens goes makeup free while filling up her car with gas... as she shares new photo from the film Bad Boys For Life
Amir Khan shows off his strength as he picks up baby daughter Alayna using his MOUTH to replicate The Lion King 
Jane Fonda, 83, says 'I've had a lot of cancer' as she talks about her battle, her 'failing' love life, osteoporosis (and a very racy revelation)
Heidi Klum works on her glute muscles while answering emails and listening to fiancé Tom Kaulitz's new music... before sharing VERY revealing video
Kim Kardashian plans to have a 'zen' baby shower with CBD, massages and crystals as she awaits arrival of fourth baby
Victoria Beckham flashes a rare grin as she makes a jovial arrival at the Verti Music Hall in Berlin
Stacey Solomon admits she looks through Joe Swash's phone 'all the time' as Christine Lampard reveals she WOULD spy on Frank
Beyonce in the studio: The singer 'is working on new music for a deluxe album filled with old songs' to be released later this year
Game Of Thrones stars Maisie Williams and Sophie Turner are blown away when they discover Kobe Bryant wants to be on Arya Stark's kill list
Inside Lisa Armstrong's Oman break: Make-up artist soaks up the sun on the beach, enjoys cultural visits and luxury flights 
Khloe Kardashian shares cute clip of True dancing to Rihanna as tot appears to be close to taking her first steps
EastEnders SPOILER: Filming snaps hint Bex Fowler could LEAVE Walford as she visits Oxford University... after secret kiss with Kush Kazemi
Kate Moss nails off-duty glamour in oversize sweater and skinny jeans as she puffs on a cigarette in London 
Enrique Iglesias shares heart-warming video with fans as twins Nicholas and Lucy push him along in a toy car
'An incredibly scary and long day': Vicky Pattison heaps praise on the NHS for 'amazing care' after her friend was hit by a car on her way to a party 
Elle Fanning says she admires Ariana Grande's new album because it's from 'her heart' as she reflects on playing a pop star in the movie Teen Spirit
Meghan and Harry's new Instagram account breaks a world record by racking up 1 MILLION followers in under six hours - and a day later it already boasts 2.6M fans
Tom Hiddleston looks in high spirits as he supports glamorous co-star Zawe Ashton at launch of her new book
Felicity Huffman and Lori Loughlin arrive for their first court appearances today as prosecutors are adamant the actresses WILL face jail time in college bribery scheme
Nicole Scherzinger puts on a leggy display in red leopard print dress and leather boots as she steps out for dinner
Mariah Carey beams in patterned midi dress as she greets fans who waited  in the rain after concert in Boston
Kate Hudson is chic in the city as actress steps out in a peach trench coat and Christian Dior bag
Abbey Clancy PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Model reveals her enviably toned frame in skimpy bikinis for sizzling pre-pregnancy photoshoot
'Nothing fun about divorce': Ulrika Jonsson hinted at marriage troubles a month before announcing shock split from third husband Brian Monet
Game Of Thrones star Nikolaj Coster-Waldau wears a VERY lifelike severed hand prop attached to his arm in an unsettling behind-the-scenes snap
Kerry Katona leaves nothing to the imagination as she shares racy NUDE snap... after revealing she used to make £500 a night as a stripper
'Dany and Jon are contemporaries and incredibly similar': Game of Thrones star Emilia Clarke hints at the fate of her and Kit Harington's characters 
ABBA's Bjorn Ulvaeus reveals the band will FINALLY release new music in autumn... 37 YEARS after their last single
Taraji P. Henson candidly details her battle with depression and reveals fame has made her anxiety worse
Louise Redknapp, 44, puts on a racy display as she flaunts her pert derriere in black bodysuit in behind-the-scenes tour of music video Sketch 
Jenson Button's fiancée Brittny Ward reveals they are expecting a baby boy as she shares bikini snap cradling her blossoming bump
Joey King, 19, holds hands with her look-alike sister Hunter, 25, at a ritzy cocktail party hosted by luxury brand Roger Vivier in LA
Katie Price visits beau Kris Boyson's family sausage business with daughter Princess... after slamming claims son Harvey, 16, is in 'residential care'
Halston Sage resembles Jennifer Lawrence as she models a low-cut gold jumper at Roger Vivier party in LA
Stacey Solomon is branded 'crass' after revealing she asked for her late aunt's prized cat figurines while surrounded by mourners at the WAKE 
TOWIE's Demi Sims turns heads in a PVC co-ord as she cosies up to Sam Mucklow amid budding romance 
'Never say never': Angelina Jolie won't rule out running for public office in the future after spending decades working with the United Nations
Former Countryfile host Julia Bradbury speaks candidly about her experience with endometriosis as she admits it took a 'long time to get diagnosed'
TOWIE's Georgia Kousoulou hits back at 'weird' trolls after they brand her co-stars 'PLASTIC' and 'bad role models'
Nicole Scherzinger, 40, displays her stunning frame in a racy pink bikini as her pal gets to grips with her peachy posterior while applying sun cream 
Lena Dunham unveils new 'sick' neck tattoo as she reveals inking was inspired by what she is 'most scared of being called'
Katie Price EXCLUSIVE: 'She'll ALWAYS do what's right for her kids' Model blasts shock claims Harvey is in 'residential care'
Cheerful Charles! Prince shares a joke with schoolchildren as he pays a visit to the British Muslim Heritage Centre in Manchester
Jerry Hall called Rupert Murdoch's children in a 'panic' and told them to come see their father one last time after he was airlifted off son Lachlan's yacht following near-fatal fall
Rebekah Vardy claims her mother didn't believe her when she was molested aged 12 as she discusses tackling misconceptions
Harry and Meghan TV movie sequel 'Becoming Royal' will show Duchess claiming she has to 'pretend to be a beautiful swan' amid rows with cruel staff, trailer reveals 
Delilah Hamlin stuns in custom made designer jeans as she enjoys a girls' dinner date at Craig's
Anna Kournikova, 37, is attacked by trolls after uploading a clip of her dancing while wearing a bikini
Declan Donnelly gets some fresh air as he takes Dachshund Rocky for a walk... after revealing he had therapy over Ant McPartlin scandal
Lewis Hamilton's little brother is all grown up! Nicolas, 26, lands a top racing deal and a beautiful girlfriend after refusing to let cerebral palsy hold him back
Susanna Reid is left red-faced as Piers Morgan makes a VERY cheeky reference to his manhood on GMB
Reba McEntire says she found love when she 'was not looking' with retired oil geologist ... four years after painful divorce 
Michelle Keegan drives her husband Mark Wright WILD as he leaves a gushing comment under her sexy snap following their Barbados getaway
Mummy Diaries EXCLUSIVE: Greg accuses Billie of 'undermining' in row over homework as Nelly throws one of her famous tantrums
Sue Perkins is 'AXED as BAFTA TV Awards presenter' after 'sexist' and 'self-indulgent' jokes fell flat... as Graham Norton is revealed as host
Killing Eve's Sandra Oh gushes over 'remarkable and talented' Jodie Comer after season two receives glowing early reviews
Pregnant Chelsea Clinton shows off a tiny baby bump as she appears on GMA in a pink dress and THOSE nude heels to discuss her new children's book
Rita Ora rocks a semi sheer blouse and cropped cardigan tied around her midriff as she attends Tequila launch
Top spot! Queen Letizia of Spain looks glamorous in a polka dot top and Hugo Boss heels as she attends a mental health forum in Madrid
Chrisley Knows Best star Savannah Chrisley is engaged to professional hockey player Nic Kerdiles
Love Island's Montana Brown reveals her lean legs in white t-shirt dress as she attends Drake gig with model beau Elliott Reeder 
Davina McCall struggles to hold back tears on Celebrity Bake Off as she recounts the tragic death of her sister Caroline from cancer in 2012
PICTURED: Nipsey Hussle murder suspect 'Sh***y Cuz' in police custody after being recognized in the street 
Jameela Jamil praises Khloe Kardashian for deleting an Instagram post promoting a weight loss shake - after slamming the reality star for advertising the product 
Behati Prinsloo soaks up the sun in itty bitty bikini during getaway to Cabo San Lucas with husband Adam Levine and Channing Tatum
Caroline Flack leaves Celebrity Bake Off fans in hysterics as she downs whiskey, makes cheeky innuendos and creates VERY disastrous showstopper
Will.i.am confirms he DID collaborate with Sarah Ferguson on a track after inviting the Duchess to 'drop poetry lyricals over his beats'
Gigi Hadid breaks down as she admits 'fame makes you feel out of control of your life'... as she reveals how Taylor Swift has empowered her
Baldwin brothers at war! Stephen savages Alec for being one of 50 Hollywood stars backing a petition to stop Georgia enacting a controversial anti-abortion law
Kourtney Kardashian turns up the heat as she slips her curves into a nude bodysuit... but fans express disappointment in her new site Poosh
Dani Dyer stuns in white mini shorts and a black blazer as she puts on an animated display at the launch of her autobiography with dad Danny 
Are Harry and Meghan creating their own Twitter account too? Sussex Royal account that belonged to a Brighton man is now inactive
Game Of Thrones' Natalie Dormer looks stylish in metallic co-ords as she joins beaming Maisie Williams for a cast dinner in New York
Bodyguard star Richard Madden 'dyes his hair to conceal grey streak'... amid claims he is considering move to Hollywood 
Ulrika Jonsson marriage split: A look back at the star's lost loves as she reveals she's 'getting another divorce' from third husband Brian Monet
Danny Cipriani 'slept with Kelly Brook lookalike while wooing Caroline Flack' and 'contacted her day before whisking TV host off for country fling'
Jodie Kidd, 40, oozes casual chic as she touches down in Barbados for family break with son Indio, seven, and beau Joseph Bates
Spider-Man star Tom Holland wasn't trusted to have Avengers: Endgame script by Russo brothers because he 'can't keep his mouth shut'
Kerry Katona reveals she worked as a stripper and boasts she made £500 a night as she takes a swipe at Cardi B
Inside Love Island star Amber Davies' lavish London home... complete with an all-white bedroom and THAT crushed grey velvet sofa
Love Island's Kaz Crossley is interrupted kissing hunk by Laura Anderson's dog in bizarre skit... amid Theo Campbell romance rumours  
Dele Alli 'partied with SECOND Love Island star Zara McDermott'... the 'SAME night he exchanged numbers with Megan Barton Hanson'
Miley Cyrus faces major backlash after posting photos lounging in Joshua Tree: 'Get off the damn yucca'
C4 News presenter Krishnan Guru-Murthy and actor Greg Wise weren't exactly charitable on The Great Celebrity Bake Off For Stand Up To Cancer, by Jim Shelley
Helen Mirren takes a swipe at Netflix by saying 'f***' the streaming service as she admits 'there's nothing like sitting in the cinema'
Gigi Hadid nails her off-duty style in a neon green jumper and skinny black trousers as she steps out in New York
Ariel Winter nails her off-duty style in a black lace jumpsuit as she enjoys the sunshine in Los Angeles
Lauren Conrad announces second pregnancy with sweet baby bump photo shared on Instagram
Audrina Patridge and Justin Bobby reunite in sneak peek trailer of The Hills: New Beginnings... as MTV reveals summer premiere date
Emilia Clarke says she KNEW her brain was 'being damaged' while suffering an aneurysm and recited her Dothraki lines to try and stay conscious
Kris Jenner reveals she wakes up at 4:30AM, and prepares for her day 'mentally, emotionally and physically' with coffee and cardio
Pregnant Kate Mara is maternity chic in black mini dress as she arrives with Jamie Bell at Teen Spirit screening
Dianna Agron cuts a chic figure in red tweed coat as she goes makeup free for low-key outing in New York
Nipsey Hussle's longtime girlfriend Lauren London breaks silence on his death: 'I am completely lost' 
Channing Tatum flaunts sunburned chest and cradles daughter Everly poolside during Mexican getaway with Adam Levine
Natalie Portman runs errands as she makes a low-key appearance days after her stalker was charged with violating a restraining order 
Halle Berry shows off her toned figure in leggings and a coordinating top during outing in Los Angeles
Elle Fanning gets support from sister Dakota at Hollywood screening of her new musical Teen Spirit
Conor McGregor is slammed over 'racist' tweet branding Muslim UFC rival Khabib Nurmagomedov's wife a 'towel'
Megan Fox keeps the spark alive as she snuggles husband Brian Austin Green during low-key date night in LA
Taylor Swift's front gates are wrecked after high speed police chase ended at her mansion in Rhode Island, with three teens rushed to hospital
Heidi Klum cuts a casual figure in an oversized sweatshirt and a baseball cap as she steps out in Beverly Hills
Zac Efron gives a chilling performance in new trailer for the Ted Bundy Netflix film Extremely Wicked, Shockingly Evil And Vile
Megan McKenna PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Star puts on a brave face to honour her work commitments in Nashville days before ex Mike Thalassitis's funeral
Blood-spattered Joaquin Phoenix 'puts on a happy face' in first poster for Warner Bros. drama Joker
Tori Spelling gets slapped with bench warrant by a California judge for failing to show up at court in $250K debt case
Sailor Brinkley-Cook flaunts her slender physique in a chic sheer dress at Royal Randwick's Autumn Fashion Launch
Drake pours one out in memory of Nipsey Hussle after late rapper's suspected killer is taken into custody
Tiffany Haddish and Melissa McCarthy team up to promote their 1970s crime drama The Kitchen at CinemaCon 
'Getting another divorce aged 51 is not where I thought I would be': Ulrika Jonsson reveals she's SPLIT from third husband Brian Monet 
Malin Akerman shares passionate smooch with new husband Jack Donnelly during loved-up springtime stroll in LA
Melissa McCarthy and husband Ben Falcone hit the stage at CinemaCon in dragon costumes to promote their action-comedy Superintelligence
Helen Mirren, 73, looks ageless as she graces the red carpet in a stylish leopard print skirt at CinemaCon screening in Las Vegas
Evan Peters reveals he will NOT appear in upcoming ninth season of American Horror Story: 'I'm going to sit a season out'
Chanel Iman dazzles in a feathery top and pleather pants at Los Angeles' Hotel Vivier Cocktail Party
Mandy Moore is stylish in shimmery black dress at cocktail party hosted by luxury brand Roger Vivier in LA
Original 'Dude' Jeff Dowd who inspired the Coen brothers' The Big Lebowski seeks $25k to help pay medical bills
Netflix's releases new trailer depicting Ted Bundy as evil killer after original teaser for its film starring Zac Efron was slammed for being 'sexualized'
Kim Zolciak raves about her daughter Kaia then changes the subject to her new breasts which she had reduced from a DD to a C cup
Debra Messing scores a fashion win wearing furry black shawl at the 2019 Garden of Laughs Comedy Benefit
Piers Morgan brands GMB producers 'pathetic' after he was taken off-air during awkward stand-off and is forced to apologise for swearing
Katie Price is forced to go on air make-up free with wild hair after arriving late for GMB... as mum Amy claims star is 'naughty but misunderstood'
Lydia Bright makes emotional plea as she reveals two of her younger foster brothers were mugged at knife point
Sam Smith enjoys a rare night out with friends at a Sao Paulo bar during his South America tour... after parading in underpants on social media
Lucy Hale shows off her taut tummy in orange crop top with denim jacket and leggings while out in Los Angeles
Alessandra Ambrosio and ex Jamie Mazur prove they're still friends as they hang out at the beach in Malibu with their children
Toni Braxton dons white mini-dress and kisses her son Diezel, 16, at Braxton Family Values premiere
Talk about having it both ways! Today's A-listers like nothing more than splitting up and then flaunting how WELL they get on with their former lovers
Sandra Oh reveals she will NEVER return to Grey's Anatomy because 'creatively' she's 'moved on'
Sam Thompson reveals he may return to Made In Chelsea after quitting the show... as he insists 'the door is not completely shut'
Kourtney Kardashian tries on bizarre Kim masks from reality star's Carolina Lemke sunglasses press kit 
Alexa Chung displays her lithe figure in a plunging ivory dress as she hosts her new trainer launch in London
Bristol Palin confirms her departure from Teen Mom OG as she says the show 'took away my peace'
Fleetwood Mac cancels Boston concert after band member falls ill 
'Pay me what I'm worth': Caroline Manzo turned down 'insulting' offer to return to as guest star on Real Housewives of New Jersey 
Issa Rae looks awesome in orange as she promotes Little with co-stars Marsai Martin and Regina Hall
Kit Harington keeps a low profile in New York City while his wife Rose Leslie enjoys a solo shopping trip... ahead of Game of Thrones final season launch
Emmy Rossum puts on a leggy display as she dons short black dress to the Best Friends Save Them All benefit for shelter animals
Emilia Clarke beams as she leaves her hotel in stylish houndstooth blazer for a day out in New York ahead of Game of Thrones season launch
Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly raked in £12k PER DAY last year... even though Ant didn't work for most of it (and spent his cash on stint in rehab)
Nicky Hilton Rothschild takes the concrete jungle by storm in animal print coat during solo stroll in NYC
Courtney Stodden still 'regularly texts' ex Doug Hutchinson despite beau Chris Sheng's objections
Irina Shayk reminds fans why she's one of the world's top models as she looks absolutely stunning in latest Intimissimi campaign
Madison Beer puts on a VERY leggy display as she fashions her hoodie into a minidress on London night out after split from her beau Zac
Kimberly Wyatt conjures her sartorial magic in an embellished designer sweater as she joins husband Max Rogers and daughter Maple at Harry Potter event
Makeup-free Elsa Pataky, 42, looks radiant in a boho dress as she goes barefoot on holiday with her husband Chris Hemsworth
Lori Loughlin is all smiles as she stops to sign autographs for fans after landing in Boston with husband Mossimo Giannulli 
John Legend and Chrissy Teigen to headline Democrats' annual behind-closed-doors retreat in show of party's star power
Tom Petty's widow and two daughters are embroiled in a messy legal battle over the control of his estate
Is Iggy Azalea's comeback being sabotaged? Rapper posts cryptic messages to Twitter about being 'stomped on by people higher up'
Jessica Chastain turns heads in  red blazer and shorts as she promotes It: Chapter Two at CinemaCon in Vegas
Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills: Lisa Vanderpump and Ken Todd kick Kyle Richards out of mansion
Jeff Bezos and Lauren Sanchez are staying APART while their divorces are finalized, but insist they are still 'deeply in love' and talk every day
Louise Redknapp layers up in a hoodie and a coat as she leaves 9 to 5 The Musical with her co-star Amber Davies
Amanda Seyfried is radiant in red as she joins the stars at ritzy Animal Society benefit in NYC
Diddy gifts son Christian Combs GOLD jet ski for his 21st... as rap prodigy pays tribute to mom Kim Porter at party
Kelly Clarkson wears colorful Rubik's Cube-like dress while performing at CinemaCon in Las Vegas
Alicia Keys looks utterly radiant as she goes makeup free while out and about wearing bandana in New York City
Ariana Grande says she 'doesn't need' to label her sexuality after singing 'I like women and men' in new song Monopoly
Rose McGowan bundles up in red and black patterned coat for stroll in NYC after revealing her dogs 'saved her life' in Hollywood
Susan Sarandon, Christine Baranski and Cheryl Hines set to double down on the debauchery in Bad Moms sequel Bad Moms' Moms
Glitzy goddess! Model Elsa Pataky looks simply sensational in a glamorous sequin dress and bold red lip ahead of a lavish photo shoot
Lorraine Kelly shops in stores 'for 19-year-olds' to stay young... and looks at women who've had cosmetic surgery and thinks 'what are you doing?'
Jessica Simpson proudly shares picture of bottle filled with breast milk... after sharing details about birth of new daughter Birdie
Timeless style! Victoria's Secret model Victoria Lee cuts a chic figure in head-to-toe black as she jets into Sydney ahead of Tiffany & Co store launch
Michelle Williams says she was 'paralyzed' when she found out costar Mark Wahlberg was paid more than her... as she advocates for fair pay 
Chloe Green's fiancé Jeremy Meeks pays tribute to rapper and fellow former Crips member Nipsey Hussle after he is shot dead in Los Angeles
Game Of Thrones promo teases the long awaited reunion of Jon Snow and Arya Stark as fans nervously wait for the final season 
Carol Vorderman, 58, flaunts THOSE curves under unzipped military inspired jumpsuit as she arrives back in the UK after the Bahrain Grand Prix
Diane Keaton, 73, is the life of the party as she enthusiastically joins stars at the glittering CinemaCon event in Las Vegas
Holly Willoughby celebrates Phillip Schofield's 57th birthday with Declan Donnelly and wife Ali... as they enjoy a VERY boozy lunch 
Justin Bieber shares throwback snap of himself as a baby for mom Pattie Mallette's birthday... after she admits she's 'so looking forward' to grandkids
Kendall Jenner keeps things casual in a mustard yellow 'art that kills' sweater and brown slacks while running errands in LA
Kim Kardashian and mom Kris Jenner look ready to star in a female version of Men In Black as they promote Carolina Lemke sunglasses
The three amigos! William and Harry join their father for a rare joint engagements as they attend the premiere of new series Our Planet 
'Finally we have won an Oscar': Gordon Ramsay, 52, announces the arrival of FIFTH child as wife Tana, 44, gives birth to baby boy Oscar James
Elizabeth Hurley, 53, leads a host of A-listers in honouring her near-identical son Damian on his 17th birthday... as fans marvel at their astonishing likeness 
Alec Baldwin's wife Hilaria TWEETS as she is 'experiencing a miscarriage' - telling her followers she wants to 'show the truth' about losing a baby 
James Cracknell and Beverley Turner split: Olympic rower says former couple 'tried everything to hold it together' 
Britney Spears' boyfriend Sam Asghari praises pop star for checking herself into mental health facility: 'It isn't weakness, it's a sign of strength'
Konnie Huq cuts a glamorous figure as she joins her Black Mirror creator husband Charlie Brooker for London premiere of Netflix's Our Planet  
Ellie Goulding stuns in bridal white as she enhances her figure in a revealing dress while leading A-list guest list at Netflix's Our Planet London premiere
Sex Education starlet Emma Mackey styles her way out of a near-tumble on the Natural History Museum steps... as she turns heads in a keyhole red gown
David Beckham and son Brooklyn look dapper as they step out in matching tuxedos for London premiere of Netflix's Our Planet
Peter Andre brands Michael Jackson's family 'brothers for life' as they enjoy time together after appearing in Leaving Neverland
Harry and Meghan officially move into new Windsor home: Duke and Duchess leave Kensington Palace for Frogmore Cottage as they prepare for Royal baby
Dani Dyer and Jack Fincham are seen for the first time since split as pair unfollow each other on Instagram and he deletes his break-up statement
Perrie Edwards PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Little Mix singer flaunts her quirky style in a cheeky hand-print crop top during Santa Monica getaway
Sir Billy Connolly looks healthy during whirlwind around-the-world trip... after claiming Parkinson's Disease has made him feel 'near the end'
Céline Dion FINALLY squashes those relationship rumours with supposed beau Pepe Muñoz as she insists: 'Pepe is gay'
Made In Chelsea star Alex Mytton pays tribute to his 'caring and kind' mother as he reveals she has died following a 'brief battle' with brain cancer
True Thompson zooms around Khloe Kardashian's home in a baby walker as proud  momma cheers her on in adorable new video
Katie Price, 40, 'follows handsome 24-year-old electrician on Instagram after rowing with toyboy beau Kris Boyson for weeks' 
The Voice UK: Emma Willis oozes sophistication in chic black gown as she leads the way at glamorous photocall ahead of grand finale
Catherine Tyldesley looks serene in radiant flowing floral dress as she enjoys a date night with husband Tom Pitfield 
Sabrina star Kiernan Shipka, 19, gets candid about growing up on Mad Men and admits she had to work at being 'normal'    
Bebe Rexha shuts down pregnancy rumours as she says 'no I'm chubby' after a fan tweets the singer looks 'preggy' in London
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, 31, and Jason Statham, 51, are every inch the doting parents as they enjoy a day in the park with son Jack
Jennifer Lopez models a '90s-style nameplate necklace with her character's name Ramona on it to film Hustlers in New York City
Kiefer Sutherland puffs on a cigarette as he keeps things casual while hanging with his band-mates ahead of concert in Amsterdam
Lisa Armstrong leaves hair salon wearing a comfortable onesie after returning from girls' holiday to Oman 
Ciara looks stylish as always as she shuns trends with her double denim ensemble while out and about in New York City
Liam Gallagher declares he's 'proud of f*****g staying alive' in haunting first look at documentary As It Was 
Taraji P. Henson says co-star Jussie Smollett WILL return to Empire after controversy: 'Yes, I haven't heard anything else'
Olivia Wilde keeps it casual in ripped jeans and gray sweater as the actress runs for her waiting car on her low-key outing
Khloe Kardashian is 'creating a line of exercise machines, weights, punching bags' called Khlo-Fit... after losing 40lbs since welcoming True 
Jennifer Lopez flashes her chest in glitzy cowgirl outfit to plug her new song Medicine with Khloe Kardashian's ex French Montana
Olivia Attwood PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Star's footballer beau Bradley Dack gifts her a £94k Range Rover after she moved to Manchester 
Kate Hudson enjoys sweet stroll with baby Rani and boyfriend Danny Fujikawa... after launching her new eco-fashion range on GMA 
How the Queen loaned precious pieces from her private collection of jewels to Kate, Sophie and Camilla over the years 
Sienna Miller receives an affectionate forehead kiss from her father Edwin as they head for a bite to eat in New York City 
Beyonce announces a new shoe and clothing collaboration with ADIDAS - months after buying out Topshop owner Philip Green from Ivy Park
Eva Longoria spotted with the cutest carry-on at the airport terminal in Toronto as she snuggles her baby Santiago 
Emily Ratajkowski shows off her impressive cleavage in low-cut tank top while heading to meetings in New York City
Harry and Meghan's royal Insta-rivals: 'Modern power couple' are up against yummy mummy Princess Charlene, nostalgic Eugenie and a model 
Kelly Brook puts on a chic display in a silky yellow skirt and roll-neck sweater as she prepares for her daily breakfast radio show
Elle Fanning looks angelic in all white... after saying she took role in Teen Spirit because she 'always had this dream of being a pop star'
Sarah Hyland displays her incredible figure in sizzling high-rise bikini as she larks around on a boat... following hospital stay for respiratory infection
Arnold Schwarzenegger and Linda Hamilton are back! Official first look at Terminator: Dark Fate released
Royalty at the races! Zara looks stylish in tweed coat and cocktail hat as she jokes around with friends in the rain at Aintree 
Gemma Collins slips into a bright floral swimsuit as she soaks up the sun on a luxury yacht with James Argent in Tenerife throwback snaps 
Louis Tomlinson's grieving sister Lottie returns to Instagram after Félicité's sudden death as she heads on date with MIC beau Sam Prince
Anya Taylor-Joy admits painful film industry experiences 'helped shape her'.. as she talks acting crazy, dressing tomboy and playing Emma
Britney Spears' ex Kevin Federline 'commends' singer for seeking mental health treatment as he takes over 'full-time care' of their sons
Bodyguard's Keeley Hawes plays coy as she is asked if Julia Montague is really dead and says she is shocked fans believe Home Secretary is alive
Eddie Redmayne bizarrely endorses 'favourite person in the world' Dani Dyer's new book and says he'd pick the Love Island star OVER his Oscar win 
Christmas in April! Prince Charles looks delighted as he tests festive mincemeat while opening the new Waitrose Food Innovation studio 
Helen Skelton sizzles in a scarlet bikini and hotpants as she enjoys family holiday in Lanzarote
Megan Barton Hanson is 'debating joining the Celebs Go Dating line-up as bosses vie for the irresistible star'... after Wes Nelson heartache
Cardi B earns 21 Billboard Awards nominations... and will compete against herself in three categories following string of No. 1 hits
Ellie Goulding wears kooky blue floral trouser suit as she arrives at a shoot for her latest music video
Jason Momoa reflects on 'nearly losing' Emilia Clarke when she suffered a brain aneurysm as he lauds his 'beautiful and brave' GoT co-star
'He knew the stripper world very well': Jennifer Lopez reveals 'excited' fiancé Alex Rodriguez took her to strip clubs as 'research' for Hustler role
Kate Moss and her family were 'distressed' when man, 37, left unwanted gifts outside her home as he is given restraining order and banned from contacting her on social media 
All in a day's work! Kendall Jenner earned a whopping $500,000 for her whirlwind 24-hour trip to Sydney for Tiffany and Co.
Kim Zolciak's daughter Brielle Biermann shows off her stunning figure in a bikini while on a jet ski during dream vacation
Emma Stone flashes a diamond ring on her wedding finger suggesting she may already be engaged to beau of one year Dave McCary
Black Panther star Danai Gurira, 41, says skipping meat, working out and meditating keeps her in bikini shape as she  plugs Avengers: Endgame
I'm with CHER! Hillary Clinton happily poses with stars backstage after watching The Cher Show on Broadway 
Yazmin Oukhellou is seen back on the set of TOWIE for the first time since confirming her return as she shoots scenes with Demi Sims 
Coronation Street star Daniel Brocklebank says he feels compelled to 'highlight' homophobic criticism to his on-screen kiss with Peter Ash
Vicky McClure admits she 'just knew' her fiancé Jonny Owen was the one as soon as they met and gushes that she's 'never loved anyone more'
Loose Women's Saira Khan strips off in her dressing room in cheeky skit as her co-stars discuss whether they should have a NAKED DAY 
Joan Collins, 85, cuts a stylish figure in white blazer as she enjoys evening out with husband Percy Gibson, 54, and friend George Hamilton
Gordon Ramsay's daughter Holly, 19, debuts pink hair transformation... as her parents welcome baby boy Oscar
Love Island's Chris Hughes is left red-as he is ribbed about his romance with Jesy Nelson and 'loving Little Mix' while presenting Aintree coverage
Lily James cuts a casual figure in leather jacket as she goes make-up free at west London studio 
Jennifer Aniston, 50, is effortlessly chic as she stops for a coffee break in Los Angeles
Gigi Hadid appears in high spirits as she enjoys night out with a male pal in New York after ex Zayn Malik lashes out in a fiery social media rant
Kendall Jenner flaunts her trim pins in a quirky feathered minidress as she leads celebrity arrivals at the Tiffany Sydney store launch
Jennifer Lopez slept in Selena Quintanilla's BED when preparing to play the slain Tejano singer in the 1997 film Selena
JK Rowling WINS legal battle with former PA who used her credit card to splash out on coffee and toiletries - as Harry Potter author reveals she sued her to 'protect staff' 
Harry is left 'upset' as the Queen 'BANS' Meghan from borrowing jewellery from her personal collection - which Kate IS allowed to wear
Victoria's Secret Angel Josephine Skriver flaunts her incredible bikini body as she jets to Costa Rica for birthday celebrations
Naomi Watts bundles up in checked coat and jeans on intimate date night with Billy Crudup in New York
Mollie King teams a leather pilot jacket with Doc Marten boots and a baker boy cap as she leaves Radio 1 
Celebrity Big Brother star Chloe Goodman's sister Lauryn avoids jail after swindling £21,000 in benefits to fund luxury lifestyle 
Uma Thurman goes makeup free in NYC as the actress bundles up in a heavy coat and multiple scarves
Doutzen Kroes sets pulses racing as she flaunts her enviably toned figure in polka dot bikini before slipping into skimpy gold two-piece
Lydia Bright reveals thugs who mugged her foster brothers at knife point have been caught... as she and mum Debbie vow to tackle knife crime
Lottie Moss shows off her modelling skills as she slips into quirky swimwear for sizzling beach photoshoot
Georgia Kousoulou looks out of this world in a glitzy bra while Chloe Sims rocks holographic trousers... after slamming trolls for calling her 'plastic'
Game Of Thrones star Lena Headey says she's 'heartbroken' and 'f***** off' she couldn't attend the show's New York premiere due to an illness
How marriage turned Geri into Posh Spice: Gone is the pneumatic cleavage. No wonder Ginger's in a tizz over rumours of a racy past with Mel B 
Prince Harry admits he can't wait to meet Baby Sussex as he's presented with flowers by a young royal fan at The Lord Mayor's Big Curry Lunch
Holly Willoughby gets BLOWN AWAY by epic experiment with Phillip Schofield on This Morning... as viewers compare them to The Muppets
Adele cuts a low-key figure as she wraps up in a chunky black scarf and a baker boy cap as she steps out in NYC
Kate's not the only thrifty royal! Queen Letizia of Spain looks smart in a recycled Zara snakeskin skirt as she heads to a tech campus in Madrid 
Louise Redknapp, 44, gets windswept as she heads to radio studios to promote her latest musical offering 
Megan McKenna throws herself into work as she heads to Nashville studio with her guitarist... days before ex Mike Thalassitis' funeral
Pregnant Beth Tweddle displays her baby bump in red bird-print dress as she and husband Andy Allen enjoy a day at Aintree Races
Katie Price's terminally-ill mother Amy breaks down as they talk funeral plans... before the model hints ex Kieran Hayler has CHEATED on girlfriend 
Justin Timberlake smoulders in a striking new shoot for Levi's as he dedicates latest collection to his hometown of Memphis 
TOWIE meets Ru Paul's Drag Race as gay icon Michelle Visage makes an Essex cameo to support Bobby Norris following homophobia hell 
Did Jack and Dani secretly break-up weeks ago? Love Island stars' timely reveal comes after he moved out, no snaps for a fortnight and drug scandal
Kirstie Allsopp slams NCT teachers for not discussing C-sections as an option with expectant parents - and claims it could even put mothers' lives at risk 
Sophie Turner reveals  Maisie Williams will be her maid of honour at her wedding to Joe Jonas... as Game of Thrones stars go wild at premiere after party
EXCLUSIVE: Michael Jackson's most famous impersonator claims he's seen a shock rise in sales for his UK tour in spite of controversy surrounding Leaving Neverland
Nathalie Emmanuel wears strapless blood orange ballgown on the red carpet at the star-studded Game Of Thrones final season premiere
Justin Bieber branded 'disrespectful' for using Diddy's tribute to late ex Kim Porter to promote his clothing line 
Kylie Jenner rocks red jumpsuit out in LA ...as Jordyn Woods remains in her Twitter header photo
Pixie Lott looks stunning as a brunette while posing for loved-up snaps with her co-star Christian Tye in images for new short film Fineline
Duke Of Edinburgh, 97, braves chilly spring temperatures for a morning carriage drive - as he's reunited with the Queen at Windsor
Inside the Game Of Thrones after party: Show's stars down shots and sip champagne at boozy celebration following New York premiere
Game of Thrones stars Sophie Turner, Emilia Clarke and Maisie Williams set the red carpet alight at star-studded premiere of final season
Kit Harington and wife Rose Leslie say Game Of Thrones 'tethered' them as a couple as they join co-stars for a 'final hurrah' at season 8 premiere
'The Mountain' Hafthor Julius Bjornsson, 6ft 9in, towers over 5ft 2in wife Kelsey Henson at Game of Thrones Season 8 premiere
Even Victoria's Secret models can't resist a sweet treat! Kendall Jenner is amazed as she tries a Tim Tam Slam for the first time in Australia
Love Island's Katie Salmon puts on a cheeky display in a scanty tiger print swimsuit as she frolics in Cape Verde
Kim Kardashian reveals daughter North West, 5, told dad Kanye she had DIED in evil April Fool's day prank... (and he really wasn't happy about it)
Wayne Rooney wishes Coleen a happy 33rd birthday as he shares loved-up holiday snap... as they move on from his 10-hour barmaid bender
Jessie J  shimmies in dress made out of FEATHER DUSTERS as she continues to revel in romantic Mexican getaway with beau Channing Tatum 
Stacey Solomon EXCLUSIVE: Pregnant star on Joe's paternity being seen as 'irrelevant' and the 'burden of guilt' as a working mum 
Emma Stone exhibits her toned midriff in black crop-top as she joins a glamorous Alicia Vikander in new handbag campaign for Louis Vuitton  
Off-duty chic! Kendall Jenner goes vintage shopping in a bold animal print ensemble... just hours after landing in Sydney
Cindy Crawford shows off her supermodel figure in a plunging black suit at Cosentino launch
Jack Tweed reveals late wife Jade Goody told him 'to move on straight away' before she died as he says he 'won't be able to love again' 
Britney Spears checks into mental health facility suffering from severe emotional strain over her father's worsening colon condition
Britain's Got Talent: Simon Cowell says Ant McPartlin is 'the happiest he's been in a long time'... ahead of his long-awaited return to the show
Keanu Reeves waves at fans waiting outside his hotel before sitting down for a meeting with a colleague in Brazil
Gwendoline Christie looks stunning at Game of Thrones' star-studded season 8 premiere in organza and silk couture gown
Game Of Thrones star Pedro Pascal pokes fun at his character Oberyn Martell's gruesome death as he arrives at the show's New York premiere
Dame Barbara Windsor, 81, makes her second public appearance since devastating Alzheimer's diagnosis as she joins husband Scott Mitchell
The Bachelor UK's Alex Marks and Alicia Oates cosy up at glitzy event... amid claims he 'calls the show's runner-up to tell her he dreams of her'
SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Former England manager 'Big Sam' Allardyce, 64, is in talks to star on Strictly Come Dancing
Emily Ratajkowski flaunts her cleavage in a silk black mini dress while Sienna Miller stuns in a metallic gown as they attend Spring Gala in New York
The Mummy Diaries: Sam Faiers insists she and sister Billie have NEVER had Botox despite their 'faces changing' since TOWIE 
Selma Blair poses with her 'heart' Michael J. Fox as she continues her brave battle with MS: 'I like this man'
Frankie Bridge's sister Victoria reveals she has suffered her third miscarriage as she discusses her struggles to conceive
Susanna Reid is left red-faced as Richard Arnold makes a joke about her boyfriend Steve Parish... as presenter TWERKS in denim hotpants 
Natalie Dormer puts on show-stopping display in ultra glamorous black dress as she attends Game Of Thrones final season premiere
Katie Price 'looking to hire a live-in couple to nanny her five children and clean her mansion'... and she'll pay '£1k per week' despite cash struggles
Coleen Nolan reveals her fear of DYING from cancer sparked divorce from husband Ray Fensome... and she has a 'new zest for life' since their split
Olivia Culpo shows off her slender figure in clingy pink gymwear as she exits gruelling workout in Los Angeles
Ulrika Jonsson, 51, accuses third husband Brian Monet of 'abandoning her' and says 'ghastly' split has left her feeling 'weak and pathetic'
Keanu Reeves endures gruelling training session with a Navy SEAL to get in shape for John Wick: Chapter 3   
Love Island producers to 'cast contestants with different body shapes' in a bid to create more 'diversity' on the 2019 series  
Reality star who boasts 'world's smallest waist' after having four ribs removed shows off her remarkable figure just seven WEEKS after giving birth
Dani Dyer and Jack Fincham SPLIT again: Love Island star reveals they're 'not in a relationship anymore'... months after rekindling their romance
Drake flashes diamond watch which required its own security detail as he heads to dinner in London's Mayfair after gig
Mel B emerges with close friend Gary Madatyan as she throws a party for daughter Angel's 12th birthday... amid 'epic rows' with Geri Horner
Zayn Malik unleashes ANOTHER bizarre Twitter rant as he cryptically tells someone to 'go f*** themselves 
Jacqueline Jossa joins Olivia Buckland for fragrance launch WITHOUT husband Dan Osborne... amid claims couple are 'sleeping in separate beds'
Megan Barton Hanson risks a VERY awkward run-in with leggy Vanessa Bauer as their paths nearly cross at Beasts of London
Nicole Kidman looks distressed as she films harrowing scenes for miniseries The Undoing in New York
Kristin Cavallari admits she's experiencing marriage issues with Jay Cutler: 'It sucks'
Bradley Cooper goes casual cool in a sports jacket, sunglasses and a backwards cap as he strolls through New York
Paris Jackson carries 21st birthday bouquet and shares smooch with boyfriend Gabriel Glenn as they step out in LA
'There are too many cookery shows on TV': Bake Off's Prue Leith admits she doesn't watch cooking programmes because they're 'too slow' 
Lana Del Rey cuts a casual figure in white jumper and blue jeans as she departs Justin Bieber's Church Home service
EXCLUSIVE: Guy Ritchie is forced to restore outhouse at his 18th century £9 million country estate  after building modern dining area without permission
Zoe Saldana shows off her style credentials in an orange dress for her movie Missing Link's press conference in LA
Kim Kardashian surrounds herself with Chanel as she lounges on plush beige couch rocking tattered crop top and leggings in giveaway post
Kim Kardashian says husband Kanye West's invite-only church is more about 'healing' than 'preaching' religion
FKA twigs rests her head on boyfriend Shia LaBeouf during Bel-Air dinner date... after pole dance
Abs-olutely ripped! Elyse Knowles flaunts her washboard stomach and jaw-dropping physique in activewear for a Women's Health photo shoot
Nina Dobrev puts on a chic display in a white floral print jumper and leggings as she heads out for lunch with a friend
Alec Baldwin reveals he would have another child before celebrating 61st birthday on NBC talk show
Filming begins for The Sopranos prequel about a young Tony in 1960s New Jersey as Christopher Moltisanti's father Dickie is seen for the first time
Sarah Paulson cuts a royal figure in glittering gold and black dress at Game of Thrones premiere
Jason Momoa rests his head on wife Lisa Bonet at Game of Thrones final season premiere in NYC
Emilia Clarke stuns in Valentino gown at Game of Thrones Season 8 Premiere... weeks after opening up about suffering a brain aneurysm 
Amanda Peet stuns in blue patterned dress at Game of Thrones premiere with co-creator and husband David Benioff
Lindsay Lohan seems irked by news Lea Michelle will play Ariel in a live performance of The Little Mermaid 
Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson and Tom Brady have spirited back-and-forth on Twitter using Photoshopped pictures
Ariel Winter cuts a casual figure in ripped jeans and T-shirt as she shares sweet kiss with boyfriend Levi Meaden
Kelly LeBrock flaunts her famous pout as Weird Science star makes rare red carpet appearance in Hollywood
Snooki enjoys Disneyland babymoon with her family as she prepares to welcome baby number three
Jersey Shore's Ronnie Ortiz-Magro says daughter Ariana 'makes everything have a purpose' as he wishes her a happy 1st birthday
Blanca Blanco is pretty in pink in silky curve-clinging dress during date night at the premiere of The Chaperone with boyfriend John Savage
Kiernan Shipka looks lovely in feathery cream dress at Chilling Adventures of Sabrina screening in NYC
Alec Baldwin looks classic in black tuxedo as he appears at FIT Annual Awards gala with chic wife Hilaria
Real Housewives Of New York City: Bethenny Frankel weeps with grief counselor over ex Dennis Shields
Madison Beer teases a peek at her taut tummy in cut-off top as she enjoys day out with leggy Cindy Kimberly in Beverly Hills
Loving herselfie! Kendall Jenner is spotted posing for photos on the balcony of her hotel room just hours after jetting into Sydney
Mindy Kaling glitters in gold at CinemaCon Late Night screening in Las Vegas with co-star Emma Thompson
Tiffany Haddish recalls bombing New Year's Eve gig after partying through the previous night: 'I drank more than I've ever drank in my entire life'
Mrs. Hinch looks strikingly similar to Ferne McCann as she appears on This Morning after employing celebrity glam team
Anne Hathaway arrives at LAX Airport in her skinny jeans... after celebrating son Jonathan's 3rd birthday
Sofia Vergara nails off-duty glamour in ripped jeans and peep-toe heels as she treats herself to retail therapy in Beverly Hills
Passenger cannot hide her glee when she notices Ben Stiller on the subway after the Zoolander star offered her his seat
'He was a true artist and creative spirit': Fans pay tribute to late Australian actor Heath Ledger on what would have been his 40th birthday
Sophie Turner gets pulses racing in plunging dress as she wraps her arms around  fiancé Joe Jonas on red carpet of Game Of Thrones premiere
Peter Dinklage arrives with his wife Erica at the Game of Thrones' star-studded final season premiere in New York City
Game Of Thrones star Maisie Williams dazzles in a pleated pearl embellished dress at star-studded premiere of final season
Ashlee Simpson and husband Evan Ross only have eyes for each other during PDA-packed parents' night out at Febreze event
Celine Dion announces she's embarking on her first North American tour in over a decade... and will be releasing new album 
Laura Whitmore turns heads in a chic rainbow striped dress and cheeky 'sex' hair pin at charity gala  
Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock bares her pert bottom as she prepares to launch new bikini range that will strive to 'promote self love '
Love Island's Ellie Brown shows off the results of her recent boob job in a plunging cutaway minidress at star-studded fragrance bash
Hilary Duff wears eye-catching Fendi sweater as she films Younger on location in Brooklyn, NY
Vanessa Hudgens gets pulses racing in sports bra and sweatpants as she goes strolling hand in hand with handsome beau Austin Butler
Paris Jackson lights up a birthday joint as she rings in her 21st with boyfriend Gabriel Glenn
Dakota Fanning is classically stylish in white tee and blue jeans  as she runs errands  in LA
Kiernan Shipka flaunts legs in pleated skirt as she talks the Chilling Adventures of Sabrina with co-stars in NYC
Chanel Iman is a model mum as she runs errands in LA with adorable eight-month-old daughter Cali
Alec Baldwin celebrates his birthday with Hilaria and kids in dressing room at The Tonight Show
Don McLean, 73, steps out with girlfriend Paris Dylan, 25, whose been flashing ring on social media
Bethenny Frankel filled with grief and guilt over ex Dennis Shields' death amid their pending split: 'I hope I didn't have anything to do with him dying'
Emily Ratajkowski reveals her sculpted abs in a black halter top and low-cut jeans as she hits the streets of New York
Lori Loughlin's fans skip their university classes to chant 'Free Aunt Becky' and hold masks of her face outside her court hearing
Love & Hip Hop star Mally Mall denies he was arrested for 'exotic animals and human trafficking' after his home was raided by FBI SWAT team 
Avengers: Endgame opening night tickets are being auctioned off on eBay for upwards of $10K
Coronation Street SPOILER: Soap introduces its first black family the Baileys to the cobbles in new first look pictures
EastEnders star June Brown, 92, reveals she is going blind and has stopped going out socially as she can no longer recognise anyone
He's still her prince! Claire Foy and Matt Smith catch up in a Soho bar two years after playing Queen Elizabeth and Prince Philip on The Crown 
Love Island's Montana Brown tells her fellow reality stars to 'check in on each other' as she delivers a heartfelt eulogy to Mike Thalassitis at funeral 
Rachel Weisz, 49, and Daniel Craig, 51, seen on rare family outing with their baby daughter and actress' son in NYC 
Big Brother's series one winner Craig Phillips, 47, celebrates becoming a first time father to baby daughter Nelly with wife Laura 
Inside Hollyoaks star Jessica Fox's house: Nancy Osborne actress shares her home renovation project  featuring retro and quirky details 
New O.J. Simpson film will reveal who really killed star's ex-wife Nicole Brown and prove he was victim of a conspiracy to convict him, says director
Jack Fincham posts smiling shirtless snap as he likes a tweet about 'finding happiness again' after Dani Dyer split
Kim Kardashian shows off her legs on a private jet... after saying she wants an ARMENIAN name (think Anahit or Petros) for her fourth child
Amber Rose flashes massive new diamond ring, earrings and necklaces just one day after announcing her pregnancy with A.E. Edwards
Tulisa claims The X Factor was the reason for the delayed release of her new music and says she had to 'play a version of herself' on the show 
TOWIE SPOILER: Chloe Sims and Diags reunite to hash out their concerns following their tearful exchange after her Dan Edgar romance 
Amanda Holden, 48, insists she will NEVER cover up on Britain's Got Talent after THAT dress... as she gushes over Alesha Dixon's 'generous' cleavage
Who wore it better? Gayle King shows off the same Rubik's cube-style dress that Kelly Clarkson styled out days earlier
Jess Wright leaves her Instagram fans with 'goosebumps' as she shares a breathtaking rendition of Lady Gaga's Shallow
Geordie Shore's Holly Hagan displays her ample assets in a tiny lilac crop top as she joins Sophie Kasaei and Abbie Holborn for girls' night in Liverpool
Game of Thrones star Dame Diana Rigg is thrilled as she accepts Variety Icon award at the Cannes Series Festival opening ceremony
Love Island's Zara Holland looks summery in neon yellow T-shirt as she and her mum Cheryl Hakeney arrive in Barbados 
Reese Witherspoon shares playful selfie with Nicole Kidman, Shailene Woodley and Laura Dern while filming season two of Big Little Lies 
Inside Coronation Street star Ellie Leach's VERY glamorous life away from the cobbles... with chic outfits, romantic holidays and fancy parties
Sex Education star Emma Mackey puts on an elegant display in a pale pink sheer patterned dress at the Cannes Series Festival
Rihanna praises mom for teaching her 'forgiveness'... while her dad remains in legal limbo over lying about working with his superstar daughter
Back on top! Rapper Iggy Azalea flaunts her famous derrière in a red leotard as she debuts her new song Sally Walker on Jimmy Kimmel Live
Shocking Our Planet footage shows how climate change is causing walruses to plunge to their deaths off cliffs 'they should never have scaled'
Gordon Ramsay is seen for the first time since becoming a father again at 52... as newborn baby son Oscar 'posts' Instagram snap with 'favourite sibling Tilly' 
Jessie J and boyfriend Channing Tatum enjoy cozy dinner date in West Hollywood... after enjoying romantic Mexican holiday together
Love Island's Alexandra Cane ditches her brunette locks and unveils a new honey coloured hairdo after Dan Osborne drama   
Suicide Squad 2 is bringing in talented Idris Elba to play a brand new character to replace Will Smith's Deadshot
EDEN CONFIDENTIAL: And they're orf! Princess Anne pulls the plug on horse trials she has held at her country estate for three decades
EDEN CONFIDENTIAL: Marquess's son and his former Burberry model friend launch a RAP career
Alec Baldwin's wife Hilaria shares a photo  with her four children to thank fans after revealing she was 'experiencing a miscarriage'
Mike Thalassitis' former flame Olivia Attwood honours the tragic star while heartbroken friends, family and reality stars attend his funeral
Caroline Flack looks solemn as she joins grieving Love Island contestants Camilla Thurlow and Jamie Jewitt at Mike Thalassitis' funeral
Nadia Essex pays tribute to Mike Thalassitis after his funeral with playful kissing snap and devastating words: 'Life will never be the same' 
Lily-Rose Depp bares her incredibly toned midriff in a crop top while grabbing coffee with a friend in Los Angeles
Will Smith, 50, shows off his impressive athleticism as the dashing actor shoots some hoops on Bad Boys For Life set
Scarlett Johansson, Brie Larson, Chris Hemsworth and their Avengers: Endgame co-stars celebrate $5 million donation to children's hospitals 
Louis Tomlinson confirms his return to the stage for the first time since death of his late sister Félicité, 18
Danny Dyer and Martin Freeman look suave in blazers as they lead the dashing gentlemen at star-studded Ghost Stories event
Baffled by Line of Duty? I'm on the case Sarge! The Mail's TV sleuth JAN MOIR cracks the case of the police drama that's left 8million viewers hooked
Jim Shelley: A heartbreaking baby flamingo and glacial landscapes worthy of Game of Thrones in David Attenborough's  Our Planet
Alex Jones shows off her baby bump in TWO outfits at The One Show as she slips into stylish striped dress to present TV
The Crown's Prince Charles actor Josh O'Connor praises co-star Olivia Colman and admits her Oscar win 'won't change her'
Priyanka Chopra and her husband Nick Jonas pack on the PDA as they walk hand-in-hand during a date night in New York City
Camilla Thurlow and Jamie Jewitt discuss confidence, bad hair days and simple acts of kindness as they support Haircuts4Homeless
Kylie Jenner looks flawless as she puts her chest on display... after ex-friend Jordyn Woods 'likes' her sexy image with Travis Scott
'He saved my life': Jeremy Kyle reveals how living with show psychologist Graham rescued him in the midst of tricky divorce from ex Carla Germaine 
Avicii's family will release a new album of music from the DJ to mark one year since his death 
Love Island's Montana Brown is supported by beau Elliott Reeder as she breaks down in tears at Mike Thalassitis' funeral after admitting she's 'empty'
Thandie Newton reveals speaking out about sexual abuse LOST her acting roles: 'You didn't want to hire me because I would call it out'
Did Serena Williams just reveal Meghan and Harry are having a GIRL? Tennis pro may have let slip the royal baby's gender in live TV interview
Mick Jagger, 75, reassures his fans that he is feeling 'much better' in a tweet after undergoing heart valve surgery
EXCLUSIVE: Cardi B and her husband Offset drop $200k to buy up half a STREET in Atlanta as couple hint they'll built 'dream home' to raise their family
Coronation Street's Brooke Vincent shares epic throwback snap as she celebrates 15 years of playing Sophie Webster in the ITV soap
Sandra Oh admits she 'couldn't see herself in a leading role' when she was cast as the main character in Killing Eve as she discusses her career success at 47
Who wore it better? Kim vs Brielle: Zolciak, 40, slips into a leopard-print string bikini... the day after her daughter, 22, did it first
Justin Bieber heads into boxing session at gym... as Hailey Baldwin shares image of neon 'Love For Eternity' sign in couple's bedroom in $8.5m mansion 
Hailey Baldwin models Daisy Duke shorts as she becomes the face of Levi's, her latest coup since marrying Justin Bieber 6 months ago
Gigi Hadid stuns in blue satin suit and cape while Bella rocks brown leather couture as they lead the stars at Variety's Power Of Women gala
Ashley Graham puts her best foot forward in yellow dress with thigh high split at Variety's Women Of Power Luncheon
Bill Cosby settles defamation lawsuits against seven women who he accused of lying by saying he attacked them 
Royal finance expert defends Meghan and Kate for buying designer gear because they use clothing allowance from Charles' £5M fund 
EXCLUSIVE: Meghan Markle's mother spotted at Windsor Castle...no, not THAT Windsor Castle! Doria Ragland leaves royally-named apartment LA complex 
Alec Baldwin discovers car space 'reserved' in his name by graffiti artist outside his home after THAT meltdown
Christine McGuinness delightedly reveals her autistic twins are 'managing themselves better and are making friends at school' as she discusses their progress
Lena Dunham dresses for comfort in flowing loose cotton gown as she emerges during low-key outing amid health struggles  
Rebekah Vardy and Lizzie Cundy join the mourners at Mike Thalassitis' funeral... after bonding during wild night at NTAs three months ago
Game Of Thrones stars Sophie Turner, Maisie Williams and Kit Harington pose up a storm at the HBO hit's photocall in New York City
Adam Sandler returning to SNL as a first-time host in May ... 24 years after being fired from the long-running sketch show
'Maybe I'm an addict?' Louise Thompson admits Instagram is making her 'miserable' and claims it 'isn't real life' as she posts SEVEN new snaps
Human Ken Doll EXCLUSIVE: Rodrigo Alves' new song Plastic World reaches NUMBER ONE in the dance charts in Italy and Dubai hours after its release
Kate Hudson cradles baby Rani on morning walk after wrapping her arms around beau Danny Fujikawa during romantic dinner date 
Paris Jackson dons matching hoodies with boyfriend Gabriel Glenn declaring 'drug-rug sweaters are for stoners' on social media
Kathie Lee Gifford gets emotional on her last Today show with Hoda Kotb as it's revealed the pair drank 5,300 glasses of wine in 11 years on air together
Led Zeppelin's Jimmy Page loses battle to stop ex-Prudential chairman neighbour building air conditioning units at his £13m Kensington home
Britain's Got Talent: Ant McPartlin is left in TEARS after a child says she 'missed him'... as uplifting school choir leaves the judges weeping
Hannah Brown strips off her tiara and Beauty Queen sash for new promo teasing upcoming season of The Bachelorette
Emilia Clarke was 'deeply paranoid' she had LOST her ability to act after 'a part of her brain died' following her second aneurysm
Kit Harington works up a sweat as he throws a punch for boxing workout in New York... ahead of Game Of Thrones' final season premiere
Katie Holmes meets with fashion designer Zac Posen weeks before the Met Gala... after claims she's fine with giving beau Jamie Foxx 'space'
Dani Dyer looks jubilant days after split from Jack Fincham as she heads to a book signing in Liverpool with her mother Joanne Mas
Brie Larson is praised for her 'wonderful' directorial debut in Unicorn Store as viewers label the Netflix film 'charming and magical'
'WTF I thought this dude was dead?': Game Of Thrones star Sophie Turner has an 'awkward' reunion with screen husband-to-be Jack Gleeson (but fiancé Joe Jonas isn't happy!)
Noel Gallagher slashes a total of £1million off his London mansion in the space of two months following three year battle to sell property
Gigi Hadid embraces her style icon status in vintage tee and jacket as Bella slips into leather leggings for family dinner with half-sisters Marielle and Alana
Supergirl's Amy Jackson covers her growing baby bump in chic tailored suit with heart buttons at Aintree Ladies Day
Bebe Rexha admits she was 'really hurt' after designers refused to dress her for the 2019 Grammys because her size 12 frame was 'too big'
Kendra Wilkinson skateboards in Los Angeles as the recently-divorced Playboy star declares 'the universe is definitely rewarding me lately'
Gordon Ramsay's kids Jack and Holly share snaps with newborn brother Oscar... after chef, 52, announced arrival of FIFTH child with wife Tana, 44
Game Of Thrones' Hafthor Björnsson eats 'every two hours' and consumes '10,000 calories A DAY' to maintain his hulking physique as The Mountain
Sir Cliff Richard, 78, touches down in Barbados airport with a group of friends
Jennifer Lawrence flashes her diamond engagement ring from fiance Cooke Maroney as they stroll arm-in-arm in NYC
Megan McKenna takes a break from the studio as she continues to honour her music commitments in Nashville ahead of ex Mike Thalassitis' funeral
Love Island's Olivia Buckland oozes elegance in delicate blue bardot frock as she heads to the races for Ladies Day at Aintree
The Crown: Emerald Fennell says fans will see the 'great challenges' of Camilla Parker Bowles' FIRST romance with Prince Charles
Hollyoaks' Sarah Jayne Dunn makes a statement in a blue power suit and midriff-baring crop top as she joins her co-stars for Ladies Day at Aintree
Selma Blair thanks Kim Kardashian for sending her free sunglasses... then tries on the rubber Kim face that comes with the shades
Pregnant Myleene Klass shows off her baby bump in a printed floral midi-dress as she steps out with lookalike daughter Ava, 11
Helen Skelton shows off her enviable figure in a red bikini as she larks around on the beach with son Ernie, three, in Lanzarote
Christopher Biggins reveals his phone was snatched by a hooded cyclist in 'terrifying' incident which left him feeling 'violated'
Chelsea star Ross Barkley parties until the early hours with his teammates and a gaggle of girls after victory against Brighton
Date night! Princess Beatrice keeps it casual in head-to-toe black as she hits celebrity hotspot Chiltern Firehouse with her property developer boyfriend
Love Island's Kaz Crossley and TOWIE's Shelby Tribble and Chloe Meadows join Chelsea footballers for a wild night out on the town 
RHOC's Tanya Bardsley is airlifted to hospital after being FLUNG from a horse in horrifying Celebs On The Ranch scenes
Vogue Williams looks radiant in white jumpsuit with black belt as she joins husband Spencer Matthews at Ladies Day at Aintree
Busy Philipps says directors used to 'shame' and force her to cover up her MOLES as she reveals she learnt to love herself being her own boss
Jacqueline Jossa enjoys a girls' day out with fellow soap star Helen Flanagan for Ladies Day at Aintree amid claims of strife with husband Dan Osborne
Duncan Bannatyne, 70, and his glamorous wife Nigora Whitehorn, 39, pack on the PDA after enjoying a date night at London hotspot
EXC: Holly Willoughby embarks on NINTH building project in seven years on £3m home as she plans to turn garage into studio flat for au pair
Emily Atack lands This Morning presenting gig as she fills in for Holly Willoughby... after fans joked they could be SISTERS
Keeley Hawes reveals she watched Home Secretary Amber Rudd for research ahead of Bodyguard ... (and the politician demanded to know if her character is dead)
Imogen Thomas slips into a plunging sheer lace bodysuit as she hits the town for a night out
Davina McCall, 51, laments 'playing it safe' as she reveals during her fifties she will 'get out of her comfort zone' during sun-soaked family trip
'It's the first I've heard of it': Emma Bunton breaks her silence on Mel B and Geri lesbian fling as she attempts to swerve questions in radio interview 
Rihanna flaunts her incredible curves in sexy pink bra and sheer yellow twinset as she models her new Savage x Fenty lingerie line
GMB's Charlotte Hawkins oozes daytime chic in a cobalt blue coat and feathered fascinator as she leads the stars at Ladies Day at Aintree
Bryce Dallas Howard opts for a bare-faced look as she heads to dinner in NYC wearing a chic blue velvet blazer and black dress 
Love Island's Tina Stinnes bares all beneath racy lace top for night out with Baroness Scotland's son Matthew Mawhinney
Tulisa makes her big music comeback with new single Daddy... three years after the release of her last track
Sex Education's Emma Mackey reveals 'there was a lot of self-love and nudity' in Netflix cult show as she reflects upon her overnight success 
Lauren Goodger displays toned derrière as she undergoes cryo-ball smoothing treatment
Ellie Goulding dons a baggy checked trouser suit and T-shirt as she gets back to work after her royal night out
Ashley James reveals she discovered an ex was cheating by snooping on his phone (but admits she would be 'offended' if a partner read hers)
Professor Green enjoys a rare date night with girlfriend Milly Gattegno at singer Alice Chater's birthday bash
Kylie Jenner straddles Travis Scott while wearing skimpy bikini on 'baecation'... as romance heats up again after cheating rumours 
Leomie Anderson displays her sizzling frame in white lingerie as she reveals she has been offered her 'dream' job as a Victoria's Secret Angel
Kit Harington is asked to wink to confirm closely guarded secrets from the Game Of Thrones' season finale on chat show during intense grilling
Zayn Malik dubs ex Gigi Hadid the 'most amazing woman he's ever met' as he defends her from cruel trolls following his fiery cryptic Twitter rant
Halsey keeps it casual in a band T-shirt and sweatpants as the singer and beau Yungblud pick up groceries in LA
Justin Bieber and Hailey Baldwin look delighted as they move into their new $8.5 million Beverly Hills mansion
'No prosthetics. All that blobby fat was me!' Rupert Everett reveals he was 'drinking a lot of beer' to get into character as Oscar Wilde for his new film The Happy Prince
Chris O'Dowd hilariously straddles wife Dawn O'Porter as they enjoy a night out at the launch of The Jane Club in LA
Noel Fielding and his girlfriend Lliana Bird wear matching furry coats as they take daughter Dali out for a walk ahead of her first birthday
Stacey Dooley makes debut on Have I Got News For You after David Dimbleby praises her as 'one of the best reporters' he has met
50 Cent's ex Daphne Joy showcases her eye-popping curves in skintight satin dress as she attends beauty launch party
Emilia Clarke reveals the Game of Thrones after party 'got lit' as she cuts loose with Jason Momoa and Peter Dinklage... following final season premiere in NYC
Kim Kardashian West smolders in sexy white gown as she shares 'Sunday service vibes' after Kanye reveals he will take the event to Coachella
Khloe Kardashian showers daughter True Thompson with positive affirmations as the sweet tot plays with her reflection in a mirror
Michelle Rodriguez exhibits her gym honed frame in colourful leggings as she steps out with The Night Manager star Elizabeth Debicki
Lily Allen looks chic in a Burberry trench coat as she unveils her new multicoloured hairdo at a Pat McGrath beauty launch
Jack Nicholson, 81, is left unimpressed alongside lookalike son Ray, 26, as their favourite team LA Lakers lose game
Revealed: Meghan CAN wear the Queen's priceless jewellery... as long as she's at a major royal event 
Fawlty Towers actor John Quarmby dies aged 89: John Cleese pays tribute to star who played health inspector  after he's found dead at home
Cristiano Ronaldo's stunning girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez admits they 'fell in love at first sight' while meeting during her time as a Gucci assistant 
'Nothing surprises me!' Travers 'The Candyman' Beynon's daughter Lucciana, 17, speaks about her 'insane' life at the family's mansion 
Celebrity Juice: Holly Willoughby gets extremely messy as she stuffs a full English breakfast into her POCKETS during hilarious game
Eva Longoria enjoys a night off mummy duty for an LA date night with husband José Bastón as she opts for retro chic in a flirty spotty mini 
Kyle Richards mocks Lisa Vanderpump's husband Ken during wild night out as she shouts 'goodbye Kyle!'  after RHOBH showdown 
Kacey Musgraves goes bra-free in amusing black outfit while being honored at Variety's Power of Women luncheon in New York City
Ruth Wilson looks stylish in a pink floral gown as she joins Pedro Pascal and her King Lear co-stars at the play's opening night after-party
Charlize Theron claims she has been single for ten years despite THAT Sean Penn romance... and says 'someone needs to step up and take her off the market'
Kendall Jenner's VERY awkward interview: Model says 'are you okay?' after a radio station 'intern' babbles about his back injury on the red carpet
George Shelley puts on an animated display as he presents a gong after joining Charlie Brooker and Dara O'Briain at the BAFTA Games Awards
Stacey Dooley SLAMS people's 'obsession' with her accent as 'BORING' - and criticises the BBC for being dominated by 'middle-class Oxbridge-educated men'
Jennifer Lopez treats herself to pick-me-up as she leaves Hustlers set drinking green juice and rocking edgy leather trousers
Game Of Thrones' Maisie Williams looks casually cool in a pink co-ord as she jets out of New York with Natalie Dormer
Barbara Windsor's husband Scott Mitchell reveals the EastEnders star struggles to get around the house and forgets she's eaten amid Alzheimer's battle
The Jonas Brothers invite fans to Miami beach party in video for new song Cool... which even has a Game of Thrones reference
Killing Eve's Sandra Oh puts on a leggy display while charming fans ahead of appearance on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert
Justin Bieber is all smiles as he jams to the Jonas Brothers in the car with wife Hailey Baldwin
Cara Delevingne looks ethereal in floaty blush tulle gown at glittering Dior launch bash in Seoul  
Michelle Williams shares sweet update on daughter Matilda, 13, for Heath Ledger's 40th birthday: 'So far, so good'
Chantel Jeffries works sporty black crop top and skinny jeans as she treats herself to day of shopping in LA
Brooklyn Beckham and his girlfriend Hana Cross lean in for a kiss as they get VERY amorous at a Pat McGrath beauty launch
She has expensive taste! Kendall Jenner wears an 11-carat butterfly necklace featuring 400 sapphires at Tiffany & Co. store opening in Sydney
Stella Maxwell is the picture of elegance in blue silk evening gown and embellished leather jacket at a Pat McGrath beauty launch
Charli XCX gets pulses racing in a sensational stripy tiger print dress as she heads out to a Pat McGrath beauty launch
Alessandra Ambrosio shows off devilish side in red jumpsuit with plunging neckline and clinging satin material at Patrick Ta event
Olivia Wilde shines in shimmery green tuxedo suit as Charlize Theron opts for monochrome dress at CinemaCon Awards
Issa Rae looks radiant in clingy magenta dress with elegant up-do at Little's red carpet premiere in Atlanta
BGT audience left screaming in TERROR as sword-wielding act goes horribly wrong... and Simon Cowell brands it 'most dangerous thing'
Jenny McCarthy says her firing from The View was 'terribly unprofessional': 'I knew it wasn't really my place to be'
EastEnders star Danny Dyer hilariously reveals he and his daughter Dani were 'bullied' into a colonic irrigation by his wife Joanne Mas 
Elle Fanning finds her inner Marilyn Monroe as she dons outfit covered with the Hollywood icon's face
Taraji P. Henson shines in sparkly midnight blue gown at NY premiere for The Best Of Enemies
Bruce Willis' wife Emma looks chic as she takes seven-year-old daughter Mabel to children's charity benefit
Olivia Munn flashes cleavage in pink crop top as she brings her glamour A-game to Patrick Ta Beauty launch with Rosie Huntington-Whiteley
Jacqueline Jossa has a glam transformation as she reveals tousled locks and lighter hair colour...amid claims she and Dan Osborne are 'sleeping separately'
Sophie Turner ditches the Game Of Thrones red carpet glam for casual attire while shopping with parents after enjoying lunch with fiance Joe Jonas 
Perspex appeal! Shanina Shaik flaunts red carpet style in transparent heels as she attends Pat McGrath's beauty launch in London
Hilary Duff throws herself into character as she films Younger in funky bell bottoms and beret with co-star Debi Mazar in NYC
Robert Downey Jr receives birthday messages from fellow Avengers stars as Iron Man actor turns 54
Noomi Rapace dons a PVC dress and matching killer heels as she joins her son Lev, 16, for Pat McGrath's star-studded beauty launch in London
Nipsey Hussle suspect 'Sh***y Cuz' pleads NOT guilty to his murder and has his bail set at $5M - as it is revealed he is represented by O.J. Simpson prosecutor Chris Darden
Lucy Hale gives a peek at her toned tummy in crop hoodie and black leggings as she runs errands in LA
Victoria's Secret Angels Shanina Shaik and Elsa Hosk trade their wings for thigh-skimming minidresses at Pat McGrath's beauty launch in London
Milla Jovovich sets pulses racing as she flashes her bra during shopping trip ahead of Hellboy 2019's release
Chloe Green's fiancé Jeremy Meeks steps out in trendy paint-splattered jeans as he heads out to browse jewellery shop
Kiernan Shipka takes flight in bird-patterned dress as she talks Chilling Adventures of Sabrina with castmates
Perspex appeal! Victoria's Secret model Shanina Shaik rocks transparent heels at Pat McGrath's beauty launch in London
Kate Beckinsale ditches the glamour as she shows off her stunning makeup-free complexion after taking shower
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and Queer Eye cast cause a frenzy in Washington D.C. as they hold hands and stroll through Capitol Hill dressed in pink
Britney Spears has 'always depended on father Jamie for help doing normal things'... as it's revealed his illness 'triggered her own decline' 
Britney Spears' mother urges fans to 'keep going' after singer checks herself into mental health treatment in encouraging message
Avengers: Endgame tracking for a massive box office debut between $200 million and $250 million when it hits cinemas
Lara Stone and boyfriend David Grievson put on a loved up display as they lead the stars at the Viktor and Rolf fragrance launch party
Julia Roberts looks chic in dark ensemble as she shops for vintage clothes and groceries in Malibu
Ozzy Osbourne forced to postpone tour dates... but is 'getting better every day' as he recovers from hospitalization
Busy Philipps recreates her iconic dance-off scene from White Chicks with co-stars Jaime King, Brittany Daniel and Jessica Cauffiel
Natalie Dormer shelters her eyes with shades after partying at star-studded Game Of Thrones' finale premiere
Arnold Schwarzenegger reunites with Linda Hamilton to unveil Terminator: Dark Fate footage... after she SLAMS Terminator films
Louise Redknapp keeps the chill off with a denim jacket and a knitted jumper as she heads home from 9 To 5: The Musical
Ed Sheeran knocks down his Romany-style caravan after locals complained his £500,000 Suffolk estate pond could be used as a pool
Rami Malek and Lucy Boynton look in love as they walk arm-in-arm in NYC... two years after meeting on the set of Bohemian Rhapsody
Laura Whitmore commands attention in elegant silk blouse and cropped PVC leggings as she joins glamorous Ashley Roberts at lingerie launch
BAZ BAMIGBOYE: The stars are queuing up to play a Big Daddy of a role
This is Us star Sterling K. Brown set to star in uplifting sports drama Rise for faith-based AFFIRM Films
Mick Jagger successfully undergoes his heart valve procedure: Rolling Stones frontman, 75, is ' recovering', say pals after operation in NYC
David Walliams attends Malcolm McDowell event with Bond girls Britt Ekland and Maryam d'Abo ahead of Britain's Got Talent return
Fleabag's Sian Clifford confirms the cult BBC comedy will not return for a third series... after Phoebe Waller-Bridge revealed season two is 'final curtain'
Katie Price's ex Kieran Hayler looks smitten as he shares a loved-up hot tub selfie with his girlfriend Michelle Penticost
Louise Redknapp and Amber Davies look sophisticated in chic black ensembles as they wrap up another night performing in 9 to 5: The Musical
Nadia Essex pays tribute to Mike Thalassitis after his funeral and says 'life will never be the same' as she shares heartbreaking snap
Louis Tomlinson set to return to the stage for the first time since death of his late sister Félicité, 18
