Act One.

THE JOB


Scene One - KACL
The Frasier Crane Show.  Dr. Frasier Crane, the host, is at his console, 
admonishing a caller; Roz Doyle, his call-screener, is in her booth.

Frasier: [firmly] Listen to yourself, Bob!  You follow her to work, 
         you eavesdrop on her calls, you open her mail.  The minute 
         you started doing these things, the relationship was over! 
         [polite] Thank you for your call. [presses a button; to Roz] 
         Roz, I think we have time for one more?

Roz speaks in a soothing radio voice.

    Roz: Yes, Dr Crane.  On line four, we have Russell from Kirkland.
Frasier: [presses a button] Hello, Russell.  This is Dr Frasier Crane; 
         I'm listening.
Russell: [v.o.] Well, I've been feeling sort of, uh, you know,
         depressed lately. [Roz looks at the clock] My life's not 
         going anywhere and-and, er, it's not that bad.  It's just 
         the same old apartment, same old job...

Roz taps on the glass of her booth and motions Frasier to wrap it up.

Frasier: Er, Russell, we're just about at the end of our hour.  Let 
         me see if I can cut to the chase by using myself as an 
         example.  Six months ago, I was living in Boston.  My wife 
         had left me, which was very painful.  Then she came back to 
         me, which was excruciating.  On top of that, my practice 
         had grown stagnant, and my social life consisted of... 
         hanging around a bar night after night.  You see, I was 
         clinging to a life that wasn't working anymore, and I knew 
         I had to do something, anything.  So, I ended the marriage 
         once and for all, packed up my things, and moved back here 
         to my hometown of Seattle.  Go Seahawks! [laughs] I took
         action, Russell.  And you can, too.  Move, change, do
         something; if it's a mistake, do something else.  Will you
         do that, Russell?  Will you?  Russell...? [to Roz]
         I think we lost him.
    Roz: No, we cut to the news thirty seconds ago.
Frasier: [annoyed; rips off his headphones] Oh, for crying out loud! 
         I finally bare my soul to all of Seattle, and they're 
         listening to Chopper Dave's "Rush-Hour Round-Up!"

He gets up and enters Roz's booth.  She is busy with administrative stuff.

Frasier: Well, the rest of the show was pretty good. [Roz says 
         nothing] It was a, a good show, wasn't it?
    Roz: [tears him a piece of notepaper] Here, your brother called.
Frasier: Roz, in the trade we call that "avoidance."  Don't change 
         the subject, tell me what you think.
    Roz: [points at her console] Did I ever tell you what this 
         little button does?
Frasier: I am not a piece of Lalique.  I can handle criticism.  How 
         was I today?
    Roz: [turns her chair to face him] Let's see... you dropped two 
         commercials, you left a total of twenty-eight seconds of 
         dead air, you scrambled the station's call letters, you 
         spilled yogurt on the control board, and you kept referring 
         to Jerry - with the identity crisis - as "Jeff."

Frasier considers the criticism.  He decides to handle it with
avoidance.

Frasier: [takes the notepaper] You say my brother called...
    Roz: Mmm-hmm.

Frasier leaves.

FADE OUT

THE BROTHER


Scene Two - Cafe Nervosa
Frasier is at the bar, reading a menu.  Niles Crane, his younger 
brother, is standing next to him recounting a story.

  Niles: So I said to the gardener, "Yoshi, I do not want a Zen garden 
         in my backyard.  If I want to rake gravel every ten minutes to 
         maintain my inner harmony, I'll move to Yokohama."  Well, this 
         offends him, so he starts pulling up Maris's prized Camellias.  
         Well, I couldn't stand for that, so I marched right into the 
         morning room and locked the door until he cooled down. 

Frasier has been nodding his head, but he has obviously not been
listening.

  Niles: Tell me you would have handled it differently, Frasier.
Frasier: [looks up] Oh, I'm sorry, Niles, I didn't realise you'd 
         stopped talking.
  Niles: You haven't heard a word I said.
Frasier: Oh Niles, you're a psychiatrist - you know what it's like 
         to listen to people prattling on endlessly about their 
         mundane lives.
  Niles: Touché.  And on that subject, I heard your show today.
Frasier: And?
  Niles: You know what I think about pop psychiatry.
Frasier: Yes, I know what you think about everything.  When was the 
         last time you had an unexpressed thought?
  Niles: I'm having one now.

They share a chuckle.  The waitress behind the bar comes over.  
Niles takes his briefcase off the bar and goes to an empty table 
nearby.

Waitress: You guys ready?
 Frasier: Two cafe latte supremos.

He goes to the table, and watches Niles obsessively wipe his chair
dowm with a handkerchief.  Niles offers the handkerchief to Frasier.

Frasier: No, thank you.

They sit down.

  Niles: So, Frasier.  How are you doing on your own?
Frasier: I'm fine.  I love my new life.  I love the solitude.  
         I miss Frederick like the dickens, of course.  You know, 
         he's quite a boy.  He's playing goalie on the peewee soccer 
         team now.  Ha, he's a chip off the old block!
  Niles: You hated sports.
Frasier: So does he! [laughs] The fresh air's good for him.
  Niles: [laughs] Oh well, this has been fun, Frasier, but... we 
         have a problem, and that's why I thought we should talk.
Frasier: Is it Dad?
  Niles: Afraid so.  One of his old buddies from the police force 
         called this morning.  He went over to see him, and found 
         him on the bathroom floor.
Frasier: Oh my God!
  Niles: No, it's okay, he's fine.
Frasier: What, his hip again?
  Niles: Frasier, I don't think he can live alone anymore.
Frasier: What can we do?
  Niles: Well, I know this isn't going to be anyone's favourite 
         solution, [opens his briefcase] but I took the liberty of 
         checking out a few convalescent homes for him. [puts some 
         brochures on the table]
Frasier: Oh Niles, a home?  He's still a young man!
  Niles: Well, you certainly can't take care of him - you're just 
         getting your new life together.
Frasier: Absolutely.  Besides, we were never simpatico.
  Niles: Of course, I can't take care of him.
Frasier: Oh yes, yes, of course, of course... why?
  Niles: Because Dad doesn't get along with Maris.
Frasier: Who does?
  Niles: I thought you liked my Maris!
Frasier: I do.  I... I like her from a distance.  You know, the way 
         you like the sun.  Maris is like the sun.  Except without 
         the warmth.
  Niles: Well then, we're agreed about what to do with Dad. [reads a 
         brochure] "Golden Acres: We Care So You Don't Have To."
Frasier: It says that?
  Niles: Well, it might as well!
Frasier: Alright, I'll make up the spare bedroom.
  Niles: Oh, you're a good son, Frasier.
Frasier: Oh God, I am, aren't I?

Downcast, he cradles his head in one hand.  The waitress arrives with
their coffees.

Waitress: Two cafe supremos.  Anything to eat?
 Frasier: [depressed] No.  I seem to have lost my appetite.
   Niles: [perky] I'll have a large piece of cheesecake!

Frasier glares at Niles.

FADE TO:

THE FATHER


Scene Three - Apartment

[N.B. The Apartment set was built on the same soundstage at Paramount
Studios that housed the set of "Cheers."]

Frasier is playing the piano.  The doorbell rings; he stops playing, 
shuts the keyboard lid, and disconsolately trudges to the door.  Just 
before opening it, he casts a melodramatic gaze over his apartment: 
the last moment of solitude.  Then, he opens the door.

Frasier: [upbeat] Hi! [laughs]

Niles enters; he is carrying two suitcases.

  Niles: We finally made it!

Martin Crane, their father, hobbles in on a cane.  He does not look 
at all enthusiastic.

Frasier: Ah Dad, Dad, welcome to your new home! [hugs Martin] 
         Gee, you look great!
 Martin: Don't B.S. me, I do not look great.  I spent Monday on the 
         bathroom floor.  You can still see the tile marks on my face. 
         [sits on the couch]
  Niles: [to Frasier] Gives you some idea about the ride over in the 
         car. [puts down the suitcases]
Frasier: Well, er, here we are...

Martin, who has propped his leg on a table, accidentally kicks a
glass ornament off of the side; Frasier catches it.

Frasier: Well, rest assured the refrigerator is stocked with your 
         favourite beer, Ballantines, [places the glass ornament on 
         a small folding table] and we've got plenty of hot links 
         and coleslaw...
  Niles: Mmm!
Frasier: And I just rented a Charles Bronson movie for later!
 Martin: Let's cut the "Welcome To Camp Crane" speech.  We all know 
         why I'm here.  Your old man can't be left alone for ten 
         minutes without falling on his ass, and Frasier got stuck 
         with me.  Isn't that right?

Frasier and Niles glance uncomfortably at each other.

Frasier/Niles: [laughing] No, no!
Frasier: I want you here!  It'll give us a chance to get reacquainted!
 Martin: That implies we were acquainted at one point.

Niles fakes some chuckles, Frasier glares at him.

  Niles: Well listen, [picks up the suitcases] why don't I take 
           Dad's things into his new bachelor quarters so you two 
           scoundrels can plan some hijinks!

He leaves.

 Martin: I think that wife of his is finally driving him nutso.
Frasier: Yes, we Crane boys sure know how to marry. [goes to the 
         kitchen] Let me get you a beer, Dad.  So, ah, what do you 
         think of what I've done with the place, eh? [returns and 
         sits on the couch, handing a beer to Martin] You know, every 
         item here was carefully selected.  This lamp by Corbusier, 
         the chair by Eames, and this couch is an exact replica of 
         the one Coco Chanel had in her Paris atelier.
 Martin: Nothing matches.
Frasier: Well, it's a, it's a style of decorating, it's called 
         "eclectic." [off Martin's look] Well, the theory behind it 
         is, if you've got really fine pieces of furniture, it doesn't 
         matter if they match - they will go together.
 Martin: It's your money.

The doorbell rings.  Frasier gets up; as he goes to the door, he
gestures at the view of the Seattle skyline offered by the balcony
windows.

Frasier: Dad, what do you think of the view?  Hey, that's the Space 
         Needle there!
 Martin: Oh, thanks for pointing that out.  Being born and raised 
         here, I never would have known.

Frasier chafes briefly; then, he opens the door to a delivery man,
who has with him an old, battered, and aesthetically unpleasing
Barcalounger.

    Man: Delivery for Martin Crane.
 Martin: Oh, in here! [gets up]
    Man: Coming through!

He quickly wheels The Armchair into the room.  Frasier and Niles 
(who has returned) look on aghast at this latest addition to the
apartment's luxury furnishings.

Frasier: Excuse me, excuse me, wait a minute-
    Man: Where d'you want it?
 Martin: Where's the TV?
  Niles: [points] It's in that credenza.
 Martin: Point it at that thing.
    Man: [sees a designer chair in the way] What about this chair?
  Niles: Ah, the chair?  Here, let me get it out of your way.

He lifts it away carelessly, and it is replaced by The Armchair.

Frasier: [shocked] Niles, Niles, Niles, be careful with that, that's 
         a Wassily!  

The delivery man leaves.  Martin sits in The Armchair, newly
installed as the centrepiece of the apartment.

Frasier: Oh look, Dad, as dear as I'm sure this, this piece is to you 
         I, I just don't think it goes with anything here!
 Martin: I know, it's eclectic!

He reclines, knocking over the small folding table; Frasier rescues
the glass ornament again, and rights the table.

Frasier: Niles, Niles, will you help me out here?
 Martin: Ah, you're gonna have to run an extension cord over here so 
         I can plug in the vibrating part.
Frasier: Oh yes, that will be the crowning touch.

Niles quickly heads for the door.

  Niles: Well, now that you two are settled in, I've got to run.  
         I'm late for my dysfunctional family seminar.

He is halfway out of the apartment before he remembers something...

  Niles: Dad, have you mentioned Eddie yet?
Frasier: [horrified] Eddie?
  Niles: Ta-ta! [closes the door]
Frasier: Oh no, Dad, no, no!  Not Eddie!
 Martin: But he's my best friend!  Get me my beer, would you?
Frasier: [fetches the beer] But he's weird!  He gives me the creeps!  
         All he does is stare at me.
 Martin: Ah, it's just your imagination.
Frasier: No Dad, no!  No, I'm sorry, but I am putting my foot down. 
         Eddie is NOT moving in here.

FADE TO:

EDDIE


Scene Four - Apartment -Night
The lights are off.  Martin is in his chair, eating a hot link and 
watching the Charles Bronson movie; sounds of mindless violence can 
be heard emanating from the TV.

The camera pans over to the couch, where an uncomfortable-looking 
Frasier is seated.  Perched next to Frasier is Eddie - a wire-haired
Jack Russell terrier.  Eddie stares at Frasier.

End of Act One.

Act Two.

Scene Five - Cafe Nervosa.  
Niles has just been served his coffee; Frasier rushes in.

Frasier: [anxious] Niles, there you are!  I'm sorry I'm late; just as 
         I was leaving, Dad decided to cook lunch by the glow of a 
         small kitchen fire!  Oh Niles, this last week with Dad, it's, 
         it's been a living hell!  When I'm there, I feel like my 
         territory's being violated; when I'm not, I'm worried about 
         what he's up to.  Look at me, [shows Niles his shaky hands] 
         I'm a nervous wreck!  I've got to do something to calm down. 
         [goes to the bar] Double espresso, please!  Niles, you don't 
         still have the brochures from those rest homes, do you?
  Niles: Of course I do.  Don't forget, Maris is five years older 
         than I am.  But you really think that's necessary?
Frasier: I'm afraid I do.  I don't have my life anymore.  Tuesday 
         night I gave up my tickets to the theatre, Wednesday it was 
         the symphony... [gets his coffee]
  Niles: That reminds me, weren't you going to the opera on Friday?
Frasier: Yes, here. [hands him some tickets]
  Niles: Thank you.
Frasier: Niles, you don't suppose there's a chance that you and Maris 
         could...
  Niles: Funny you should mention that.  Maris and I were just 
         discussing this.  We feel we should do more to share the 
         responsibility.
Frasier: You mean you'd take him in?
  Niles: [laughs incredulously] Dear God, no!  But we would be 
         willing to help you pay for a home care worker.
Frasier: A what?
  Niles: You know, someone who cooks and cleans and can help Dad with 
         his physical therapy.
Frasier: These angels exist?
  Niles: I know of an agency - let me arrange for them to send a few 
         people over to meet with you.
Frasier: Niles, I can't thank you enough!  I, I, I feel this 
         overwhelming urge to hug you!
  Niles: Remember what Mom always said: "A handshake is as good as a 
         hug."
Frasier: Wise woman.

They shake hands.

FADE TO:

THE HOME CARE SPECIALIST


Scene Six - Apartment
A woman is standing in the hallway, talking to Frasier.

Frasier: I have never been more impressed with a human being
         in my life!

He closes the door on her.  Cut to inside the apartment.  Martin is
in The Armchair; Eddie is on the couch.

Frasier: [angry] Now what was wrong with that one?!
 Martin: She was casing the joint.
Frasier: "Casing the joint!"  She spent two years with Mother Teresa!
 Martin: Well, if I were Mother Teresa, I'd check my jewellery box!

The doorbell rings.

Frasier: Oh, this is the last one.  Can you please try to keep an 
         open mind?

He opens the door to Daphne Moon, a British woman in her twenties.
She is adjusting her bra as Frasier opens the door.

 Daphne: Oh!  Hello - caught me with my hand in the biscuit tin! 
         [takes her hand out and shakes Frasier's] I'm Daphne, Daphne 
         Moon.
Frasier: Frasier Crane.  Please come in.
 Daphne: Thank you. [enters]
Frasier: Er, this is my father, Martin Crane.  Dad, this is Daphne 
         Moon.
 Daphne: Nice to meet you. [sees Eddie] Oh, and who might this be?
Frasier: [darkly] That is Eddie.
 Martin: I call him "Eddie Spaghetti."
 Daphne: Oh, he likes pasta?
 Martin: No, he has worms.
Frasier: Er, have a seat, Miss Moon.
 Daphne: Daphne.  Thank you. [sees The Armchair and pats it] Oh, will 
         you look at that.  What a comfy chair!  It's like I always 
         say, start with a good piece and replace the rest when you 
         can afford it.

She smiles at Frasier.  So does Martin.  Daphne sits on the couch.

Frasier: Yes.  Well, er, perhaps you should start by telling us a 
         little bit about yourself, Miss Moon.
 Daphne: Well, I'm originally from Manchester, England...
Frasier: Oh really, did you hear that, Dad?
 Martin: I'm three feet away.  There's nothing wrong with my hearing.

Daphne begins to take all sorts of things out of her bag: a brush, a
glass, a sponge - and finally, a piece of paper which she hands to
Frasier.

 Daphne: I've only been in the U.S. for a few months, but I have quite 
         an extensive background in home care and physical therapy, as 
         you can see from my resume.  I... [suddenly turns toward Martin] 
         You were a policeman, weren't you?
 Martin: Yeah - how'd you know?
 Daphne: I must confess - I'm a bit psychic.  It's nothing big, just 
         little things I sense about people.  I mean, it's not like I 
         can pick the lottery.  If I could, I wouldn't be talking to 
         the likes of you two, now would I? [laughs]

Martin is amused; Frasier looks unimpressed.

Frasier: Yes.  Perhaps I should describe the duties around here.  
         You would be responsible for...
 Daphne: [suddenly turns towards Frasier] Oh, wait a minute, 
         I'm getting something on you... you're a florist!

Martin smiles.

Frasier: No, I'm a psychiatrist.
 Daphne: Well, it comes and goes. [puts her things back into her bag] 
         Usually, it's strongest during my time of the month.  Oh, I 
         guess I let a little secret out there, didn't I?
Frasier: It's safe with us.  Well, Miss Moon, I think we've learned 
         just about all we need to know about you, and a dash extra! 
         [goes to the door]
 Daphne: [waves her arms at Eddie] You're a dog, aren't you? 

Daphne and Martin laugh.

Frasier: Well, we'll, er, we'll be calling you, Miss Moon. [goes for 
         the door handle]
 Martin: Oh, why wait? [to Daphne] You've got the job!
 Daphne: Oh, wonderful!
Frasier: [annoyed] Er excuse me, excuse me, aren't you just 
         forgetting a little something here?  Don't you think we 
         should talk about this in private?
 Daphne: Oh, of course you should; I completely understand. [she 
         stands up and shoulders her bag] I'll just pop into the loo - 
         you do have one, don't you?
Frasier: Yes.
 Daphne: Oh, I love America...

Daphne walks into the powder room.  As soon as its door is shut:

Frasier: Dad, what do you think you're doing?
 Martin: You wanted me to pick one, I picked one.
Frasier: But she's a kook!  I don't like her!
 Martin: Well, what difference does it make to you?  She's only gonna 
         be here when you're not.
Frasier: Then... what's my problem? [laughs] Daphne!

Daphne returns.

Frasier: You've been retained.
 Daphne: Oh, wonderful!  I had a premonition.
Frasier: Quelle surprise.
 Daphne: I'll move my things in tomorrow.
Frasier: Oh, move in?  Oh, I'm sorry, there must be some 
         misunderstanding.  Er, this isn't a live-in position.
 Daphne: Oh, dear.  Well the lady at the agency-
Frasier: The lady at the agency was wrong; this is just a part-time 
         position.  I'm, I'm afraid it just won't work out.
 Martin: [gets up] Hold on there, Frasier, let's talk about this!
Frasier: Dad, there's nothing to discuss!
 Daphne: You two should talk about this.  I'll just pop back in here 
         and enjoy some more of your African erotic art.
Frasier: Daphne, Daphne - I think it would be best if you leave.
 Daphne: Oh well, alright then. [goes to leave]
Frasier: Don't be alarmed.  We'll contact you.  If not by telephone 
         then, er, through the toaster.

Daphne leaves, allowing tempers to flare.

Frasier: Dad, I'm not having another person living in this house!
 Martin: Give me one good reason why not!
Frasier: Well, for one thing, there's no room for her!
 Martin: What about that room right across the hall from mine?
Frasier: My study?  You expect me to give up my study - the place 
         where I read, where I do my most profound thinking?
 Martin: Ah, use the can like the rest of the world!  You'll adjust!
Frasier: [angry] I don't want to adjust!  I've done enough adjusting!  
         I'm in a new city, I've got a new job, I'm separated from my 
         little boy, which in itself is enough to drive me nuts.  And 
         now my father and his dog are living with me!  Well, that's 
         enough on my plate, thank you.  The whole idea of getting 
         somebody in here was to help ease my burden, not to add to it!
 Martin: Oh, do you hear that, Eddie?  We're a burden.
Frasier: Oh Dad, Dad, you're, you're twisting my words!  I meant burden 
         in its most positive sense!
 Martin: As in, "Gee, what a lovely burden?"
Frasier: Something like that, yes!
 Martin: Well, you're not the only one who got screwed here, you know.  
         Two years ago I'm sailing toward retirement and some punk 
         robbing a convenience store puts a bullet in my hip.  Next 
         thing you know, I'm trading in my golf clubs for one of these. 
         [shakes his cane] Well, I had plans too, you know!  And this 
         may come as a shock to you, sonny boy, but one of them wasn't 
         living with you.
Frasier: I'm just trying to do the right thing, here.  I'm trying to 
         be the good son.
 Martin: Oh, don't worry, son.  After I'm gone you can live guilt-free, 
         knowing you've done right by your pop.
Frasier: You think that's what this is about, guilt?
 Martin: Isn't it?
Frasier: Of course it is!  But the point is, I did it!  I took you in!  
         And I've got news for you - I wanted to do it! [on the verge 
         of tears] Because you're my father.  And how do you repay me?  
         Ever since you've moved in here it's been a snide comment 
         about this or a smart little put-down about that. [grabs his 
         coat and goes to the door] Well, I've done my best to make a 
         home here for you, and once, just once, would it have killed 
         you to say "thank you?"  One lousy "thank you?"

Long pause as Frasier waits expectantly, and Martin looks thoughtful.

 Martin: [to Eddie] Come on, Eddie, it's past your dinner time.

Eddie jumps off the couch and follows Martin into the kitchen.

Frasier: I'm going out.

He leaves.

FADE TO:

LUPE VELEZ


Scene Seven - KACL
The corridor outside Frasier's studio.  Frasier tears into the hallway
and rushes into the booth.  Inside the studio, Roz is in her booth.  
Frasier slams the door and drops into his chair.

Frasier: They have got to move the bathroom closer to the studio! 

He throws on his headphones just as Roz points to him.

Frasier: [polite] We'll be right back after these messages. 
         [off air] Can't I put that on tape?!

Roz enters.

    Roz: What's eating you?
Frasier: Oh, I'm sorry.  It's just this thing with my father and this, 
         this person he wants to hire.  I thought I'd started my life 
         with a clean slate.  I had picture of what it was going to 
         be like, and then, I don't know...
    Roz: Ever heard of Lupe Velez?
Frasier: Who?
    Roz: Lupe Velez - the movie star in the '30s.  Well, her career 
         hit the skids, so she decided she'd make one final stab at 
         immortality.  She figured if she couldn't be remembered for 
         her movies, she'd be remembered for the way she died.  And
         all Lupe wanted was to be remembered.  So, she plans this
         lavish suicide - flowers, candles, silk sheets, white satin
         gown, full hair and makeup, the works.  She takes the 
         overdose of pills, lays on the bed, and imagines how 
         beautiful she's going to look on the front page of 
         tomorrow's newspaper.  Unfortunately, the pills don't sit
         well with the enchilada combo plate she sadly chose as her
         last meal.  She stumbles to the bathroom, trips and goes
         head-first into the toilet, and that's how they found her.
Frasier: Is there a reason you're telling me this story?
    Roz: Yes.  Even though things may not happen like we planned, 
         they can work out anyway.
Frasier: Remind me again how it worked for Lupe, last seen with her 
         head in the toilet?
    Roz: All she wanted was to be remembered. [beat] Will you ever 
         forget that story?

[N.B. In fact, the Los Angeles newspapers reported Lupe's suicide 
as though she had carried it off as planned; the sordid details were 
kept quiet and for a long time existed only as rumor.]

She returns to her booth and cues him.  He puts his headphones on; 
everything from now onwards is on the air.

Frasier: We're back.  Roz, who's our next caller?
    Roz: We have Martin on line one.  He's having a problem with his 
         son.
Frasier: [presses a button] Hello, Martin.  This is Dr. Frasier Crane; 
         I'm listening.
 Martin: [v.o.] I'm a first-time caller.

Pause as Frasier realises that the caller is his father.

Frasier: Welcome to the show.  How can I help you?
 Martin: I've just moved in with my son and er, it ain't working. 
         There's a lot of tension between us.
Frasier: I can imagine.  Why do you think that's so?
 Martin: I guess I didn't see he had a whole new life planned for 
         himself, and I kinda got in the way.
Frasier: Well, these things are a two-way street.  Perhaps your son 
         wasn't sensitive enough to see how your life was changing.
 Martin: [suddenly loud] You got that right!  I've been telling him 
         that since I got there!
Frasier: I'm sure he appreciated your candour.
 Martin: Well, maybe sometimes I oughta just learn how to keep my 
         trap shut.
Frasier: That's good advice for us all.  Anything else?
 Martin: Yeah, I'm worried my son doesn't know that I really 
         appreciate what he's doing for me.
Frasier: Why don't you tell him?
 Martin: Well, you know how it is with fathers and sons, it... I have 
         trouble saying that stuff.
Frasier: Well, if it helps, I suspect your son already knows how you 
         feel.  Is that all?
 Martin: Yeah, I guess that's it.  Thank you, Dr Crane.
Frasier: My pleasure, Martin.
 Martin: [suddenly loud again] Did you hear what I said?  I said 
         "thank you!"
Frasier: Yes, I heard. 

He presses a button to disconnect Martin.

    Roz: Dr Crane, we have Claire on line four.  She's having a 
         problem getting over a relationship.
Frasier: [presses a button] Hello, Claire.  I'm listening.
 Claire: [distraught] I'm a, well, I'm a mess!  Eight months ago my 
         boyfriend and I broke up, and I just can't get over it.  The 
         pain isn't going away.  It's almost like I'm in mourning or 
         something.
Frasier: Claire, you are in mourning.  But you're not mourning the 
         loss of your boyfriend.  You're mourning the loss of what 
         you thought your life was going to be.  Let it go.  Things 
         don't always work out how you planned; that's not necessarily 
         bad.  Things have a way of working out anyway. [pause]
         Have you ever heard of Lupe Velez?

He gives Roz a glance as we FADE OUT.

DEAR GOD, IT WASN’T A DREAM


Act One.

Scene A: The Frasier Residence, early morning. 
Frasier enters wearing a dressing gown.  He is obviously still half-
asleep.  Martin is in the kitchen and Daphne is busy cleaning the 
dining table.  Frasier yawns.

 Daphne: Oh, good morning, Dr. Crane.  Not a morning person, are we?  
         Well, never you mind.  I am.  Can't very well be a good health 
         care provider if you're not up with the cock.  I've already 
         taken your father for his morning constitutional.  Such a 
         remarkable man - thirty years on the police force.  I can 
         understand why you'd want him to live here, although not many 
         sons would do that, not without getting paid for it.  Anyway, 
         coffee's made, and I took the liberty of doing a shop.  They 
         don't serve much tripe in Seattle, do they?
Frasier: [still groggy] And you are...?
 Daphne: Daphne.  Daphne Moon.  I moved in yesterday.  You hired me to take
         care of your father.
Frasier: [realizing] Of course.  Forgive me, I'm not quite myself until
         I've shaved and showered.
 Daphne: Oh, yes.  I completely understand about one's morning ablutions.
         I, for instance, can't stand myself 'til I floss all that gunk
         out of my teeth... 
Frasier: [interrupting] Miss Moon!  For future reference, if you could
         just keep your ablutions on a need-to-know basis?  Thank you.
         [goes into kitchen] Now, my coffee.
 Martin: [doing a fry-up] The half 'n half's curdled, and the garbage
         disposal's jammed. 
Frasier: [pouring his coffee] Good morning to you too, dad.
 Martin: Morning was two hours ago.  And close that barn door, we got
         a lady in the house now.

Frasier adjusts his robe, then tastes his coffee.  He is not amused.

Frasier: Hey, this isn't my coffee.  Where's my finely-ground Kenya blend
         from Starbucks?
 Martin: That's it.  Daphne put an eggshell and some allspice in it.
Frasier: [pouring it down the sink] Didn't that just dress it up?
 Martin: I like it.  Gives it a zing.  Now, come on, sit down.  Your breakfast
         is ready. 

He leaves the kitchen with a plate full of fried food.

Frasier: [following] Oh, no, dad, dad, look, all I ever have is a bran
         muffin, and a touch of yogurt.
 Martin: Ah, girlie food.  Besides, I already fixed your breakfast.  Now,
         I made you “Eggs in a Nest.”
Frasier: Ah yes, the Crane family specialty.  Fried eggs swimming in
         fat, served in a delightfully hollowed-out piece of white bread.
         I can almost hear my left ventricle slamming shut as I speak.
 Martin: You want cheese on that?
Frasier: No.  I'd like to leave some blood flow for the clot to go swiftly
         to my brain. [to himself] Can't have my coffee, can't have my
         breakfast, [sees Martin’s chair] Oh god, it wasn't a dream.  I'll
         get him for this. [to Eddie] And his little dog, too. [opens
         front door] Where's my paper?  Who's stolen my paper?  Mrs. Everly,
         you old bat, I know it's you!
 Daphne: Yoo-hoo?  It's right here, we brought it in for you.
Frasier: [to outside world] Sorry, sorry. [closes door and examines
         paper] Oh, wait a minute, this...  where's the rubber band?  
         This paper has been read.
 Daphne: Well don't worry, we won't tell you what's in it.
Frasier: That is not the point.  Dad, dad?  Come and sit down please,
         would you?
 Daphne: You're going to give a speech, aren't you?
Frasier: Oh, that's right, I forgot, you're psychic.
 Daphne: Yes, but I think anyone could feel this one coming on.
Frasier: Let us get something clear.  I am not a morning person.  I have
         to ease into my day slowly.  First I have my coffee - sans
         eggshells or anything else one tends to pick out of the garbage.
         Then I have a low-fat, high-fiber breakfast.  Finally I sit
         down and read a crisp, new newspaper.  If I am robbed of the
         richness of my morning routine, I cannot function.  My radio
         show suffers, and like ripples in a pond, so do the many
         listeners that rely on my advise, to help them through their
         troubled lives.  I'm sorry if this may sound priggish, but I
         have grown comfortable with this part of myself.  It is the 
         magic that is me.
 Martin: [to Daphne, while exiting to the kitchen] Get used to it.
 Daphne: I know this is a stressful time, and this is new for all of us, 
         but I'm sure that soon we'll all be getting along swimmingly.
         [looks down at Frasier's robe] Ooh, six more weeks of winter,
         I see.

Frasier closes his robe.  He sits at the table and starts reading
the paper.  Eddie comes over and jumps onto a chair to stare at him.

Frasier: Down Eddie, down. [Eddie doesn't move] I said down.  Good boy
         Eddie, just get down.  Good good, Eddie get down.  Eddie, GET
         DOWN! [Eddie still just sits there, staring at Frasier] Dad,
         dad, I can't read my paper, Eddie's staring at me.
 Martin: Why, you do make quite a picture in the morning.  Just ignore
         him.
Frasier: I'm trying to.
 Martin: I was talking to the dog.

Frasier goes back to his paper, holding it up to block Eddie's view. 
He slowly lifts it far enough to see Eddie still staring at him.  He 
gives up and walks towards his private bathroom.  Eddie follows.

Frasier: Don't even think about it! [he leaves, Eddie follows]

FADE OUT

Scene B: KACL
Frasier is doing his show.

Frasier: You're listening to Dr. Frasier Crane.  Our topic today is...
         intrusion.  Those who encroach on our sense of personal space.
         The neighbor who plays his stereo too loud.  The person who
         sits next to you in the movie theater when there are fifty
         other vacant seats.  Now let's return to our calls, and let
         me remind you once more, that our topic today is intrusion,
         since so many of you seem to be forgetting that.
    Roz: Dr. Crane, we have Leonard from Everett, on line two.
Frasier: Hello Leonard, I'm listening.
Leonard: [v.o.] Oh, hi Dr. Crane.  Ah, I'm a little nervous, but ah... 
         well, here goes.  Several years ago I became afraid of large, 
         open spaces.  Like, if I went to the mall, I'd break out in 
         a cold sweat, I'd get so scared that I'd have to run home.
Frasier: Yes Leonard, and your comments on intrusion?
Leonard: Nothing.  Just that, now I'm afraid to go outside at all.
         I haven't seen another person in eight months.
Frasier: Well Leonard, it sounds like you may have a very serious
         condition known as agoraphobia.  But you're not alone.
Leonard: But I am alone, Dr. Crane.
Frasier: Listen Leonard, I'm afraid your problem is too difficult to
         deal with in the time we have remaining, so if you stay on
         the line, someone will give you the name of a qualified
         therapist.  Well, that's all the time we have for today.  
         You've been listening to Dr. Frasier Crane, KACL 780.  
         Stay tuned for the news.  Then next up, Bob “Bulldog” 
         Briscoe and the Gonzo Sports Show.  I never miss it. [off air] 
         Yeah, right.
    Roz: You want your messages?
Frasier: Oh, listen Roz, just hang on to them.  I think I'll stay in
         here for a while.  Today more than most, I feel an overwhelming
         need for solitude.  I've got a fascinating book here, a
         comfortable chair and a soundproof booth. 

Just as Frasier leans back and opens his book the door opens
and Bulldog walks in pushing his props trolley.

Bulldog: Hiya, doc.  How're they hangin'?
Frasier: Bulldog, what are you doing here?
Bulldog: We lost transmitter link power in Studio C.  I gotta do my show
         from here. 

He bangs the gong and blows his whistle, indicating Frasier 
should leave.

Bulldog: Hey, where the hell's my Cosell tape?  Somebody stole my Cosell tape!  
         THIS STINKS!  THIS IS TOTAL B.S.!  THIS... oh, here it is.
Frasier: [preparing to leave] Let me just get out of your way.
Bulldog: Oh, by the way doc, doc, I heard what you said to that kid who 
         fantasizes about killing his parents?  You know what I would
         have told him?  Sports.  You go out there, break some heads-
         [hits himself on the head to illustrate] That'll turn him
         around.
Frasier: Yes.  If only Jeffrey Dahmer had picked up a squash racquet.
         [goes into Roz's booth]
Bulldog: Hey, where the hell's my Lasorda tape?  THIS IS TOT... ah, got
         it.

We follow Frasier into Roz's Booth.  Roz is on the telephone.

    Roz: [to Frasier, as he starts to exit into the corridor] Hold on
         a second, I have to ask you something. [into phone] Gary?  I
         broke up with him three weeks ago.  The sex was okay, but he
         was kinda limited. [Frasier moves to leave, Roz stops him] No,
         no. [into phone] It wasn't that Gary was bad in bed.  I mean,
         he knew where all the parts were.  Unfortunately, most of them
         were his.  Yes, totally passionless, it was like he was thinking
         of someone else.  I know I was.  Somebody's here, I gotta go.
         Alright?  Talk to you later.  Bye, mom. [hangs up]
Frasier: That was your mother?
    Roz: Yeah, why?
Frasier: You talk to your mother like that?
    Roz: Well, we're both adults.  We talk about everything.
Frasier: Well, isn't that healthy.
    Roz: What, you don't talk to your dad like that?
Frasier: Oh, hardly.  We hardly speak at all.
    Roz: Really?
Frasier: Ah yes, well you know, we're just not really similar people.
         In fact, my brother and I are a lot more like my mother.  
         You know, if it wasn't biologically impossible I'd swear 
         that dad was dropped in a basket on our doorstep.
Bulldog: [from other booth] Hey sweetcakes, you seen my engineer?
    Roz: I think someone's talking to you, Frasier.
Bulldog: Come on, come on, come on!
    Roz: [into mike] Yes, he called, he'll be right here. [to Frasier]
         So do you want to go across the street and have one of those
         expensive coffee drinks?
Frasier: Maybe some other time.  Right now, I'd like to continue my quest
         for solitude.  I'll go somewhere where my father, Mary Poppins
         and the hound from hell can't find me.  I think maybe I'll just
         go sit under the shade of a tree and read in a quiet park.
         [exits]

FADE TO: 

THE BEST LAID PLANS...


[Over the screen we hear the sounds of a thunderstorm.]

Scene C: Frasier's Apartment. 
He enters.

Frasier: Hello. [realises the room in empty] Hello?  Dad?  Daphne?  Eddie?
         [takes off coat; to himself] Could it be? 

He arranges his book on the couch and pours himself a drink whilst 
humming the Toreador song from “Carmen.”

Frasier: Toreador,
         Don't spit on the floor,
         Use the cuspidor-a
         What do you think it's for-a?

Drink in hand, he relaxes into the couch and starts reading.
Within seconds, the door opens.

 Daphne: [to Martin]...so the elephant says, “He's with me.” [they both
         laugh] Oh, Dr. Crane, you're home.  We just got back from your
   father's physical therapy.
Frasier: Oh, glory be.  Oh, happy day.  Not that I'm not delighted to see the
         two of you, it's just that I'm in the middle of a very exciting
         chapter.
 Daphne: Ooh, I understand.  So why don't I pop into the kitchen and brew
         you up a nice pot of tea?
Frasier: No, I just poured myself a glass of wine, thank you.
 Daphne: [pointedly looking at watch] I see. [leaves]
 Martin: [sitting in the Chair] Whatcha reading?
Frasier: Oh dad, you wouldn't find it very interesting.
 Martin: I might.  Any good?
Frasier: Well, I haven't formed a opinion yet.  Oddly enough, I'm having
         a little trouble getting into it.
 Martin: [after a moment's silence, indicates book] Thick.
Frasier: Dad will you... Listen, I don't want to offend, but if you
         wouldn't mind, could you just leave me alone, let me read my
         book?
 Martin: No problem.

Martin sits quietly, not looking as Frasier reads.  This finally
irks Frasier.

Frasier: What are you doing?
 Martin: I'm leaving you alone.
Frasier: Well, it's very annoying!
 Martin: Ah, what's your problem?  You've been sucking a lemon all week.
Frasier: All right, all right, I'll tell you what my problem is, I can't
         get a moment’s peace alone in my own house.
 Martin: Well, forgive me.  When you invited me to move in I didn't realise
         I had to stay chained to the radiator in my room [starts to
         leave]
Frasier: [quietly] Perhaps only evenings.
 Martin: I heard that!
Frasier: Well, of course you heard it, you're never out of earshot!
 Martin: Ah, you know, you've always been like this.  You were always 
         a fussy little kid, and it's gotten worse ever since.  You and
         your precious morning routine.  You gotta have your coffee, you
         gotta have your quiet, you gotta have this, you gotta have that.
         Well, aren't you the little hothouse orchid.
Frasier: Hey, hey-hey-hey!  I don't have to sit here and listen to that!
 Martin: Ah, if you want everything so perfect, why don't you go live
         in a bubble?
Frasier: Oh right, oh well, right now it sounds very inviting! 

He storms out the front door and slams it behind him.

 Martin: [sitting down again] Finally, a little peace and quiet
         around here.

End of Act One.

Act Two.

Scene A: Cafe Nervosa. 
Frasier is sitting, reading his book as Niles walks in.

  Niles: Hello there, Frasier.
Frasier: Oh, what fresh hell is this?  
  Niles: That's a nice way to greet your brother. [to waiter] Café 
         latte, per piachere.
Frasier: I'm sorry, Niles, it's just I've been trying to read this book
         and it seems no matter where I alight I get interrupted.
  Niles: Oh, “The Holotropic Mind” by Stanislav Grolf.  I love his
         conclusion that a change in breathing patterns can induce
         alternate states of consciousness.
Frasier: Great. [slams book shut] Now you've ruined the ending!
  Niles: I'm sorry, that was inconsiderate. [the waiter brings his coffee]
         Mille Grazie. [to Frasier] So, how's father?
Frasier: Father?  You mean the man who's driving me crazy?  The man who
         makes me dread the sight of my very doorstep?  The man who just
         drove me out of my own home?
  Niles: And how's work?
Frasier: Niles, I don't know what I'm going to do.  Dad and I had another
         fight.  I'm afraid if we stay under the same roof together we'll
         do irreparable harm to the relationship we have as it is.
  Niles: Well, what are the alternatives?
Frasier: Well, if I didn't feel so guilty I'd, I'd do what I should
         have done in the first place: just move dad and Daphne into
         their own apartment.
  Niles: Oh, for goodness sake, Frasier.  It hasn't been that long, you
         have to give it a chance.  And you might remember why you moved
         him in in the first place.
Frasier: Refresh me.
  Niles: You wanted to get closer to dad.
Frasier: I still do.  There isn't anything I'd like more, but he makes
         it impossible.  I can't read my book, I can't have my coffee,
         I can't have any peace in my own home.
  Niles: So what you’re saying is, you want to be closer to dad, but you
         don't actually want him around.  Ask yourself Frasier, have
         you tried to sit down and talk to him - I mean, really talk to
         him?
Frasier: Well, I... [he thinks about it] Maybe I haven't done my best.
         I guess I owe that to the old man, don't I?  Well ah, thanks
         for the chat, Niles.  You're a good brother, and a credit to 
         the psychiatric profession.
  Niles: You're a good brother too.

Frasier gets up and leaves.

A COUPLE OF WHITE GUYS SITTIN' 
'ROUND TALKIN'


Scene B: Frasier's Apartment. 
He arrives to find some of his furniture piled up beside the door.

Frasier: Daphne? What are my things doing here?  My leather wing chair?
         My Kusami lamp?
 Daphne: [entering from back, carrying a box] We're putting them in the
         storage room, in the basement.  There was no room for them in
         the study once we got my furniture in.  We discussed it last
         night, remember?
Frasier: Of course, of course.
 Daphne: I was just on my way to ask that peculiar little man from
         building services to give me a hand moving them.
Frasier: Oh yes, Kyle.  Well, give him my regards.
 Daphne: Remind me again - which one of Kyle's eyes is really looking
         at me?
Frasier: The brown one.

Daphne exits via the front door.  Martin enters from the bedroom.

 Martin: Daphne left your dinner in the fridge, if you're hungry.
Frasier: Well thanks, but I'm not.  Ah... Dad, I'm sorry about the blow-up
         earlier.
 Martin: Ah, forget about it.  I already have.
Frasier: You know, I guess there's no secret that there's been a lot of
         tension between us, and I think maybe one of the reasons is
         that we never have a chance to sit down and talk.  And I... I
         thought we might have a conversation.
 Martin: Right now?
Frasier: Yes, I think now would be a good time.
 Martin: Later would be better.
Frasier: It doesn't have to be a long, drawn-out conversation, I'm
         talking about three minutes of your life.
 Martin: Well, I hope it is only three minutes, 'cause my program's
         coming on.
Frasier: Well, alright.  If it'll make you any happier I will get the
         egg-timer and I will set it for three minutes. 

He does so, and they sit at the table.

 Martin: So what do you want to talk about?
Frasier: Well, the idea is for us to have a normal, honest conversation
         like two normal people without getting on each other’s nerves.
         Ready? [sets timer] Go.
 Martin: This is stupid.
Frasier: [stops timer] One second?  That's our personal best?  Let us see
         if we can beat it. [sets timer] Ready?  Go.
 Martin: So how about those Seahawks?
Frasier: [stops timer] No sports.
 Martin: All right.  But no opera.
Frasier: Agreed. [sets timer] Ready?  Go.
 Martin: [pause] This is your idea, you say something first.
Frasier: Alright, alright.  I'll, I'll tell you something about myself
         that ah, that you don't know.  Ah, six months ago, when Lilith
         and I were really on the rocks, ah, there was a time of
         depression I went through that was so terrible I actually
         climbed out on a ledge and wondered if life was worth living.
         I... And then I thought of Frederick.
 Martin: And you didn't jump, huh?
Frasier: Good, dad. 
 Martin: Wow.  I never knew that.
Frasier: Well, that's the point of this whole experiment.  To tell one
         another something that we don't know about each other.  Something
         vulnerable.  Now it's your turn.
 Martin: Okay. [thinks] Well, about two months ago, I was in the basement,
         going through some old pictures of your mother and me... and all
         of a sudden something flew up in my eye.  And, when I was trying
         to get it out, I realised I could turn my eyelid inside out,
         the way kids do at camp.
Frasier: That's it?  You call that vulnerable?
 Martin: It hurt.
Frasier: Oh well... I'm not talking about that kind of pain, I'm talking
         about your emotions, your soul.  Some sort of painful, gut-
         wrenching experience.
 Martin: Other than this one?
Frasier: Oh, God!  Always the flip answer. 
 Martin: Well, this whole thing's stupid.
Frasier: Well, not to me.  Oh, how should I expect anything out of you?
         You are the most cold, intractable, unapproachable, distant,
         stubborn, cold man I've ever known!
 Martin: You said “cold” twice, Mr. Egghead.
Frasier: Egghead?  Egghead?
 Martin: You said “egghead” twice, too.
Frasier: Oh, you are so infuriating!
 Martin: Well, you're no day at the beach either.  You know what you are?
         [the timer bings] I'll tell you later, it's time for my
         program. [moves towards Chair]
Frasier: Dad, I don't think you see how serious this is.
 Martin: Oh, will you give it a rest? 
Frasier: We're not getting along, and it's not getting any better.  I'm
         not sure how to say this, but ah... I ah, I'm afraid I'm gonna
         have to...
 Martin: I know what you're trying to say.  “You want what's best for
         both of us.”  You want to get me out of here, then you can have
         your own space, and I'll have my own space, and we can put an
         end to all this bickering.
Frasier: Well, yes.  I guess it wasn't so hard to say after all.
 Martin: Except for one thing.  I'm not going.
Frasier: What?
 Martin: Look, you want us to forge some great father-son relationship,
         to make some connection.  Well, that kind of thing takes a couple
         of years, not a couple of days, doesn't it?  You're the shrink.
Frasier: Couple of years, huh?
 Martin: Ah, it'll go by before you know it.
Frasier: Either that, or it'll seem like eternity.
 Martin: I'm willing to give it a shot if you are.
Frasier: Okay.
 Martin: Great.  How about you and me having a beer together?
Frasier: Wow.  You know, in all these years you've never asked me that.
         I'd love to have a beer with you, dad.
 Martin: Well then, you better haul ass, 'cause the store closes in ten
         minutes.
Frasier: Right. [exits]

End of Act Two.

ONE MAN’S STORAGE ROOM
IS ANOTHER MAN’S SANCTUARY

Act One.

SHHH!  THEY'RE HERE


Scene One - The Frasier Crane Show.  
Frasier is at his console; Roz is in her booth.

Frasier: In the greater Seattle area, the number is 555-KACL.  We've 
         got a number of lines open, so please give us a call. [to Roz] 
         Now who's up next, Roz?
    Roz: We have Pam on line four.  She's having a problem with her
         family.
Frasier: [presses a button] Hello, Pam.  This is Dr Frasier Crane;
         I'm listening.
    Pam: [v.o.] Hi.  It's my in-laws.  It's just that, well... they drop 
         over all the time without calling first, and they expect us
         to stop what we're doing and entertain them.
Frasier: Well, they're your husband's parents - what does he 
         suggest?
    Pam: [v.o.] The other day, he had us drop to the floor and stay quiet
         until they drove away.
Frasier: A creative approach, but hardly a long-term solution.
    Pam: [v.o.] Well I, I thought about saying something, but I'm afraid 
         I'll hurt their feelings.
Frasier: Well, then you have a choice.  Either you risk hurting 
         their feelings, or you spend the rest of your life diving
         for cover whenever they happen to drop on by...

The sound of a doorbell is heard.

    Pam: [v.o.; whispering] Shhh!  They're here!
Frasier: Who... your in-laws?
    Pam: [v.o.] Shh!  Yes.
Frasier: [whispering] Well then, why don't you just take this 
         opportunity to... [stops whispering] Oh, for pete's sake!  
         Why don't you just tell them how you feel?
    Pam: [v.o.; whispering] Okay!  Okay, I will next time, I promise!  
         Thanks, Dr. Crane. 

Pam hangs up.  Roz signals to Frasier.

Frasier: Yes... ah, well, as, er, [presses a button] Pam belly-
         crawls across her living room, let's take a moment for 
         this message from... [checks the copy] "Carpet Fresh." 

He presses a button and takes off his headphones.

Frasier: How's that for a segue? [laughs]

HOW MANY SHARKS DIED...?


Scene Two - Frasier's apartment.  
Daphne is standing at the dinner table, sorting some laundry.  
Frasier and Martin, returning from a shopping trip, enter 
from the front door.

Frasier: I just don't think it's very smart to make rude gestures 
         at other drivers!
 Martin: He cut you off!
Frasier: That doesn't matter!  You, you do not antagonize a man whose 
         bumper sticker says, "If you're close enough to read this, 
         I'll kill you!"
 Martin: Big talk from a Volvo.
 Daphne: I see you've found yourself a new suit.
 Martin: Oh, wait till you see it, Daph - it's a beaut!
 Daphne: Let's have a look!
 Martin: Oh, can't let you see it on the hanger; I'll model it for
         you!

He leaves for his room.  Daphne picks up a pair of "knickers" and 
begins to flap them vigorously.

 Daphne: What a nice son you are, buying your father a new suit.
Frasier: Well, it didn't quite work out the way I planned, but er... 
         [notices] Daphne, what are you doing?
 Daphne: Fluffing your knickers.  If you don't mind my saying so, 
         you're losing some of your elasticity. 

She stretches the waistband of the knickers.

Frasier: Well, I appreciate everything you're doing, Daphne, [takes them] 
         but a man's knickers are certainly... [feels them; surprised]   
         Ooh... [presses them against his face] How'd you get them so... 
         soft?
 Daphne: Fabric softener [takes the knickers from him] and twice 
         through the fluff cycle. [continues "fluffing"]
Frasier: Oh, well keep up the good work! [laughs]

The phone rings.  Frasier gets it.

Frasier: [on the phone] Hello?  Yes.  Well, hi Niles.  Well, of course 
         you can come by!  Great!  I'll, I'll see you there!

Frasier puts the phone down and goes to the door.  He opens it: it is
Niles, and he has just finished using his mobile phone.

Frasier: Hi Niles, good to see you!

Niles enters.  Frasier closes the door.

[N.B. After this episode, it may be a LONG time before Niles thinks 
to call before dropping by.]

Frasier: Thanks for calling first.
  Niles: Well, I heard your show today.  I wouldn't dream of popping
         by unannounced.
Frasier: Ah...
  Niles: Actually, I was in the neighborhood, and I've come to beg 
         a favor.  Er, my housekeeper Mary is a very big fan of 
         your little radio program.
Frasier: [pleased] Is she?
  Niles: Yes.  Well, what she lacks in taste, she makes up for in
         vigor. [puts his briefcase down] She'd like an autographed
         photo.
Frasier: Oh well, it'd be my pleasure. [to Daphne] Daphne, this is 
         my brother Niles. [leaves to get the photo]

Niles sees Daphne for the first time, and is pleasantly surprised, 
to say the least.  Daphne just smiles at him.

  Niles: Hmm... you're Daphne?
 Daphne: Why, yes I am.
  Niles: Well, I...

Niles goes over to her eagerly, and they shake hands; he holds on, 
a little lost for words.

  Niles: When Frasier told me he'd hired an Englishwoman, I pictured
         someone a little more... not quite so... you're Daphne?
 Daphne: It's nice to meet you.

She takes her hand away and gets back to sorting the laundry.  
Frasier returns with a photo.

  Niles: Well, what a lovely accent.  Is that, er, Manchester?
 Daphne: Yes.  How'd you know?
  Niles: Oh, ha!  I'm quite the anglophile; I'm sure Frasier and dad
         have already told you.

Frasier sits on the couch, preparing to sign the photo.  Niles, still
enraptured by Daphne, absent-mindedly picks up a pair of Frasier's
knickers.

 Daphne: No, they didn't mention it.
  Niles: Ah... you undoubtedly guessed as much when they said I'd
         spent a year studying at Cambridge.
 Daphne: No, they didn't mention that, either.
  Niles: I guess my father and brother don't spend a lot of time
         talking about me when I'm not around! [starts to feel the
         knickers]
 Daphne: Oh, I wouldn't say that...
Frasier: [gets up, having signed the photo] Niles, here's your 
         picture...

He notices that Niles is pressing the knickers against his face.

Frasier: DO YOU MIND?!

He grabs the pair of knickers from Niles and throws them back onto 
the dinner table.  While he glowers, Niles takes the photo and walks
over to his briefcase.

  Niles: [reads] "Mary, here's wishing you good mental health: 
         Frasier Crane."

Niles puts the photo in his briefcase.  Martin returns, wearing his 
new suit; it is an odd, dark red or brown color and looks distinctly
cheap.

 Martin: Fits like a glove.  Hi, Niles!
  Niles: Hey, dad... [notices his suit] Wow.
 Martin: How do I look?
  Niles: Wow.
 Daphne: [to Niles] Dr. Crane took your father shopping to Armani 
         this afternoon.
  Niles: [incredulous] You got that at Armani?
 Martin: Just like I told you, Frasier - he can't tell the 
         difference!
Frasier: Well, we were on our way to Armani, when dad spotted this 
         in the window of a discount clothing store.

Daphne picks up all of the laundry.

  Martin: It's sharkskin! [waves his forearm] Look at the way it 
          changes color when I move my arm!

Niles stares at him, less than impressed.  Daphne, carrying the 
laundry, goes over to Martin.

 Daphne: [to Martin] You're going to be the handsomest gent at your
         friend's retirement party.  Now come on, let's go and hang
         it up before it gets wrinkled.
 Martin: Oh, it's supposed to resist wrinkles.  They had one in the
         display window winded up inside a mayonnaise jar!

Martin and Daphne leave.

  Niles: Frasier, is he our real father?
Frasier: Now don't start that again - we've been having this 
         discussion since we were children.
  Niles: [goes towards the kitchen] But that suit!
Frasier: Well it's not just the suit, it's, it's his taste in 
         everything!  Clothing, films, music...

Reset to the kitchen.  Niles has just entered and goes about making
himself a drink.  Frasier enters.

  Niles: Outside of our last name and abnormally well-developed calf
         muscles, we have nothing in common with the man.
Frasier: Well, thank goodness we took after mum.
  Niles: So how come he didn't acquire any of her... sophistication?
Frasier: Well, maybe he was too busy working his tail off so that we
         could have the nicer things.
  Niles: Mmm.
Frasier: You know Niles, maybe it's time we tried to pay him back in
         some way.  Expose him to some of the finer things, so that
         he'd stop lumbering through life like some great polyester
         dinosaur.
  Niles: I don't know.  Dad's so set in his ways.
Frasier: Well, we all are at some point in our lives.  Remember when
         you used to think the 1812 Overture was a great piece of
         classical music?
  Niles: [shakes his head wistfully] Was I ever that young?
Frasier: Well, you and I have to broaden dad's horizons.  Show him 
         the world that he's only read about in TV Guide.
  Niles: How about an evening of fine dining?
Frasier: Perfect... but where?
Frasier&
  Niles: [excited] Le Cigare Volant!
Frasier: [ecstatic, wrings his hands] Hah!
  Niles: [suddenly calm] But can we really get in?  I've been trying
         for months.
Frasier: Oh, puh-leeze.  Niles, you're forgetting the cache my name
          carries in this town.
  Niles: Actually, I'm not.  If the maitre d' happens to be a 
         housewife, we're in.
Frasier: Niles, you are so mean.

Frasier leaves the kitchen, with Niles following.  Reset to 
outside the kitchen.

Frasier: I'll just call information.
  Niles: Oh, no need; I have it on speed dial.

Niles takes out his mobile phone and hands it to Frasier.

Frasier: Oh.  Thank you. [on Niles's phone] Hello, this is Dr 
         Frasier Crane.  Yes, the one on the radio. [looks at Niles,
         triumphantly] Say... any chance of, er, getting a table for
         four on Saturday at er, say... eight, hmm?  Merci, a
         bient�t ! [shuts Niles's phone, laughs] We're in!

They do a high-five.  Martin, back in his casual clothing, returns.

 Martin: Niles, can I get you a beer?  Some pork rinds?
  Niles: [rubs his sore post-high-five hand] No thanks.  Em...
Frasier: Dad, Niles and I and Maris would like you to join us for dinner 
         on Saturday night at, Le Cigare Volante - it's one of the 
         hottest new restaurants in town.
 Martin: Ah, gee, I don't know, I...
  Niles: Oh, oh-oh-oh, the food is to die for!
 Martin: Niles, your country and your family are to die for; food is
         to eat. [sits in The Armchair] Look, I appreciate the 
         offer, but I wouldn't like it.
Frasier: Oh dad, how do you know if you don't try it?
 Martin: Well, I didn't have to get shot in the hip with a .38 to 
         know I wouldn't like that.
Frasier: Yes, but, dad, it'll give us a chance to have an evening 
         all together as a family.  You know, Niles and I really 
         want to do this for you.
 Martin: Oh... alright.

Frasier and Niles do another high-five, which means more sore hands.

Frasier: [laughs] We're gonna have the best time!
 Martin: Hey - it'll give me a chance to wear my new suit again, 
         too!
Frasier: [to Niles] And won't that be nice?

HONEY, DON'T


Scene Three: KACL; Roz's booth, before show time.  
Roz is doing some administrative stuff, and Frasier is sipping 
a coffee.

Frasier: So, how do the calls look today?
    Roz: Well, we've got a couple of jilted lovers, a man who's 
         afraid of his car, a manic depressive, and three people who
         feel their lives are going nowhere.
Frasier: Oh, I love a Monday.  So how was your weekend?
    Roz: I had the most hellacious date of my life.  First, he asks
         me to pick him up from work.  Then, I stop for gas - I have
         to pump it myself while he just sits there reading the 
         sports section.  So I take him back to my place and make 
         him my famous sweet and sour shrimp; I'm in the middle of
         cooking, I ask him to hand me the honey, and he gets this
         freaked-out look on his face and says he can't because he 
         has a deathly fear of touching anything sticky.

Frasier grimaces.

    Roz: I told him it was a new jar, but he didn't want to take any
         risks.
Frasier: Roz, where do you meet these people?
    Roz: [indignant] I answered his ad! [gestures towards the studio] 
         You got thirty seconds - you'd better get in there.
Frasier: Not yet.
    Roz: Oh, no...
Frasier: Roz, are you ready?
    Roz: [reluctant] Don't make me do this...
Frasier: Come on, we do this every Monday!
    Roz: You do this every Monday.  I play along!
Frasier: Come on!

Roz picks up some sheaves of paper.

 Frasier: [enthusiastic] Who's got the best talk show in Seattle?
     Roz: [waves the paper around like a half-hearted cheerleader] We
          do.  We do.
 Frasier: [shakes his fist] Alright!

Roz sits at her console; Frasier enters the studio.

DINNER AT EIGHT


Scene Four: Frasier's apartment.  
Eddie is asleep on the couch.  The balcony doors are open; the sound 
of traffic and other city noises can be heard.  A snazzily-suited 
Frasier, holding a glass of sherry, returns from the balcony and 
shuts the doors.  Daphne enters from her room.

 Daphne: We-ell!  Aren't you a bobby dazzler?
Frasier: Well, I'll go out on a limb and take that as a compliment.

Daphne gets her coat.

Frasier: Where are you off to?
 Daphne: I'm going to poker night.
Frasier: I wouldn't have pegged you as a card player.

Daphne puts her coat on.  The doorbell rings; Frasier goes to get it.

 Daphne: It's mostly social.  Me and the girls just bumping the 
         gums.  No-one ever loses more than five or six hundred
         dollars.

Frasier opens the door.  It is Niles; he is carrying a small paper 
bag and looks somewhat excitable.

Frasier: Hi, Niles!
  Niles: Hello. [enters]
Frasier: Where's Maris?  Are you two taking separate elevators 
         again?
  Niles: Oh, no.  I'm afraid Maris is having one of her episodes.
Frasier: [closes the door] Ah...
  Niles: In the middle of dressing for the evening, she suddenly
         slumped down on the edge of the bed in her half-slip and
         sighed.  Course, I knew then and there that dinner was not
         to be.
Frasier: I'm sorry. [comforts Niles]
  Niles: Yes, well, I'll just have to make the best of it... [strides
         over to Daphne] Hi-ho, Daphne, you're looking luminous this
         evening!

Frasier watches this suspiciously.

 Daphne: Why thank you, Dr. Crane.
Frasier: [to Niles] What's in the bag?
  Niles: Er, just a little treat I picked up for dad: some Devonshire 
         Clotted Cream.
Frasier: For... dad?
 Daphne: I love Devonshire Clotted Cream.
  Niles: Isn't that lucky - you two can share it. [gives the bag to her]
 Daphne: I'll just go and pop this in the fridge.

She leaves for the kitchen.  Niles gazes after her, dreamily.

Frasier: Sherry, Niles?
  Niles: Thank you.

Frasier goes to get the sherry.  Niles is still gazing off-screen
after Daphne.

  Niles: I'm having a thought, Frasier.  Since Maris has sadly dropped out 
         and we do have an extra space, perhaps we should invite Daphne to 
         join us for the evening.  I mean, it is a table for four and, and 
         three is such an awkward number, you know, at a, at a dinner.

Frasier gives Niles a glass of sherry and a suspicious look.

Frasier: What are you doing?
  Niles: Nothing, nothing... [realizes] Oh, for goodness sake, Frasier!  
         I'm a happily married man!  Maris means the world to me.  Why, 
         just the other day I kissed her for no reason whatsoever.

He is about to sit down on the couch when he sees that Daphne 
has returned.

 Daphne: Well, I'm off to my poker game. [to Niles] It was nice seeing 
         you again, Dr. Crane... 

She shakes his hand, and holds on. 

 Daphne: Oh, wait a minute!  I'm getting something on you...
Frasier: [to Niles] She's psychic.  We've decided to find it charming.
 Daphne: You have occasional bouts of colitis, don't you?
  Niles: [entranced] Yes!

Daphne takes her hand away and goes to the door.  Niles can't keep 
his eyes off her.

  Niles: Frasier...she's phenomenal!
 Daphne: [at the door] It's a gift.  Well, cheerio!
  Niles: Ta-ta!

She leaves.

Frasier: Niles, you've never had colitis a day in your life!
  Niles: I know, but I couldn't bear to disappoint her...

Martin enters.  He is wearing his casual clothes.

 Martin: 'Kay!  I'm ready to go!
Frasier: Ah, ah, dad, what's happened to your suit?
 Martin: Oh, it's at the cleaners.  I got some creamed chicken on 
         it at Phil's retirement dinner last night.  You can't keep
         anything nice.
  Niles: Well, well, I-I-I-I'm sure the Cigare Volante has a dress
         code...
Frasier: Er Niles, may I borrow your phone?

Niles takes out his mobile phone and hands it to Frasier.

Frasier: Thank you so much. 
 Martin: Where's Maris?
  Niles: Episode.
 Martin: [unsurprised] Oh.
Frasier: [on phone] Yes hello, this is Dr Frasier Crane; I have a 
         reservation tonight.  I'm calling to enquire about your, 
         minimum dress code. [worried] Crane.  Frasier.  Doctor! 
         [very worried] Well, what do you... we've had the 
         reservation for over a week! [off the phone, angry] They've 
         lost our reservation.
  Niles: Give me that. [takes the phone] Listen, this is Dr. Niles Crane.  
         I've never been treated so shabbily in my entire life and I've a 
         good mind to come over there and create an embarrassing scene.
Frasier: Niles, they've already hung up.
  Niles: Ah... thank God! [closes his phone and pockets it] Well, 
         what now, Frasier?  It's Saturday night, quarter-to-eight,
         and we-we're not going to get in anywhere.
 Martin: Hey, I know!  Why don't I take us all to The Timber Mill?
  Niles: The... Timber Mill?
 Martin: Oh, it's great!  You can get a steak this thick for eight-
         ninety-five! [indicates a brick-like thickness]
  Niles: Ah... honestly, dad, that doesn't sound like the kind of
         restaurant we'd like.
 Martin: Well, I was willing to go to your place.
Frasier: Er, dad, I I think we'd better just er, take a rain check.
 Martin: Oh gee, I was looking forward to spending an evening with 
         you boys.  But we can do it some other time. [sad] I'm sure
         Daphne's got something in the fridge I can heat up...

He slowly hobbles over to the kitchen.  Frasier and Niles watch him
guiltily.

Frasier: [suddenly upbeat] You know, on second thoughts I'm, 
         I'm really in the mood for a good steak!
  Niles: [to Frasier] What?

Martin turns around in surprise.

Frasier: Well yes, you know, the point of the whole thing is not
         exactly where we have dinner, but that the three of us have
         an evening together as a family!  Right?
 Martin: [excited] Ah, you won't be sorry!  They've got five different 
         toppings for your baked potato!
Frasier: Ooh, did you hear that, Niles?
  Niles: I'm sold!
 Martin: [to Eddie] We'll bring you a bone, Eddie!

Eddie does not respond.

 Martin: [to Frasier and Niles] He's ecstatic.

End of Act One.

Act Two.

TIM-BERRR!


Scene One: The Timber Mill. 
A lively American restaurant with a homely, informal atmosphere.  
The staff are dressed in "country" garb and are serving what 
looks like an (almost) full house.  Martin, Frasier and Niles
enter.  Martin looks very at home; his sons, however, are 
conspicuous both in their expensive suits and the disdainful 
attitude with which they regard the place.

  Martin: Quite a place, huh?  Used to be a real working saw-mill!
 Frasier: [sarcastic] Until somebody stated the obvious and said: 
          "Hey, let's turn this place into a restaurant!"
  Martin: I just walk in here and my mouth starts watering.  There's
          nothing like the smell of charbroiled meat.
   Niles: This aroma's triggering a, a sense memory.  Something
          familiar.  It... oh, of course, Maris in her home tanning 
          bed.

The hostess greets them from behind the cash register.

 Hostess: Hi!  Welcome to The Timber Mill.
 Frasier: [not without trepidation] You don't have a table for 
          three... do you?
 Hostess: Sure, right this way.

She leads them to a free table.

 Hostess: Is this your first visit to The Timber Mill?
 Frasier: Yes.
 Hostess: Well, we've got a dress code.
 Frasier: [worried] Oh well, couldn't you make an exception in this
          case? [gestures at Martin] His suit was at the cleaners-
 Hostess: Er, not him.  You.

She suddenly produces a big pair of scissors and snips off Frasier's
tie below the knot; another waitress does the same to Niles.

 Hostess: [shouts] Tim-berrr!

The other diners in the restaurant clap, cheer, and clang their 
cutlery.  Frasier and Niles are in shock; Martin has been watching 
this "initiation ceremony" with amusement.  The waitresses place 
their severed ties on what is now clearly a wall of dismembered
cravates behind the counter.

 Frasier: [distraught] My tie!  She, she cut off my tie!
  Martin: Gotcha!  Ain't that great?
 Frasier: Well, why did she cut off my tie?!
  Martin: Oh, they've been doing it for years!  They like to keep the
          place casual.
   Niles: Dad, you could have mentioned that to us.
  Martin: What, and spoil the fun? [laughs] Ah, cheer up!  You
          get a free dessert!
 Frasier: Oh, boy. [calms down a bit] Well, I guess you're right, dad;
          it's just a tie...
   Niles: A Hugo Boss tie.

They sit down: Frasier on the left, Niles on the right, and Martin
between them.  Niles, of course, obsessively cleans his chair
beforehand.  A lively waitress arrives with bread slices and butter.

Waitress: Hi, can I get you guys something from the bar?
 Frasier: [weary] Oh dear God, yes.
   Niles: I'll have a Stoli Gibson on the rocks, with three pearl 
          onions.
 Frasier: [firmly] If you bring him two, if you bring him four - he'll 
          send it back.
Waitress: And for you?
 Frasier: The same.
  Martin: I'll have a Ballantine.

The waitress leaves.  Martin tucks into the bread and butter.

   Niles: [to Frasier] Say, funny thing happened the other day: one of my 
          patients had a rather amusing Freudian slip.  He was having 
          dinner with his wife, and he meant to say, "pass the salt," 
          but instead he said, "You've ruined my life, you blood-sucking 
          shrew."

Frasier and Niles laugh at this.

  Martin: Bet she didn't like that.
   Niles: N-no, no dad, she didn't. [to Martin] Say, how was your 
          buddy's retirement party last night?
  Martin: Oh, it was great.  You know, I really miss those guys.  Bad
          news, though.  Remember Mo Hanson?  The desk captain of my
          old precinct?  Killed in a boating accident.
   Niles: Oh, I'm sorry.
  Martin: Yeah.  Well, at least he went quick.  Hank Grinsky - well,
          he had three bypasses before he went. 

Despite this, Martin has smeared an unhealthily large amount 
of butter onto his bit of bread. 

  Martin: Jimmy Bourbon, he had this weird disease.  I went to visit him 
          in the hospital; by the time he died, his skin was all yellow, 
          wasted away to nothing.  Nice nurse, though — Betty, I think her 
          name was.

He pops the cholesterol-mungous bit of bread into his mouth, not
noticing that Frasier and Niles have become somewhat uncomfortable 
with his choice of topic.  The waitress arrives with their drinks.

Waitress: I see we have a couple of first-timers here!  Let me tell
          you how it works.  Every entrée comes with soup or a trip
          to the salad bar: one trip only, please!  Also included is
          our famous garlic cheese bread.

A man pulls up a chunky wooden trolley in front of the table.  Upon 
it are heaped various multicoloured, brick-thick slabs of raw flesh.

Waitress: And now if you're ready, you can claim your steaks.
   Niles: Claim our steaks...?
  Martin: [points] You get to pick the cut you want off the beef
          trolley!

Frasier and Niles, revolted, stare at it.

 Frasier: [hesitant] How much extra would I have to pay to get one 
          from the refrigerator?
  Martin: [annoyed] Would you just pick your steak?
   Niles: I'll, I'd like a, a petite filet mignon, very lean - not so 
          lean that it lacks flavour, but not so fat that it leaves 
          drippings on the plate.  And I don't want it cooked - just 
          lightly seared on either side, pink in the middle; not a 
          true pink, but not a mauve either, something in between.  
          Bearing in mind the slightest error either way, and it's 
          ruined.
Waitress: ...Okay! [to Frasier] How about you?
 Frasier: Could I see the other side of that one? [points queasily at
          a steak]
  Martin: [gestures at the trolley] Just bring us those three: 
          medium-rare, all the 'fixins.

The waitress leaves and the beef trolley is wheeled away.

  Martin: [excited] Hey, come on!  There's a lull at the salad bar!

Martin gets up.  Frasier looks resigned; Niles covers his eyes with 
his hand.  Fade to black.

Scene Two: The Timber Mill, later.  
They are halfway through their salads when a waiter takes away 
their plates.

  Martin: Isn't this great?  They have the best Thousand Island 
          Dressing in town.
 Frasier: I know, dad, I saw the plaque by the cash register.

The waitress arrives with their main courses: steaks, baked potatoes
with toppings, and other assorted bits.

Waitress: Here we go: three boiled onions, medium-rare!
 Frasier: Wha-?  We've barely touched our salads!
  Martin: Great service, huh?
   Niles: Yes.  With any luck we should be completing our dining
          experience in less than twenty minutes.
Waitress: If you're not ready I could put this under the heat lamp...
 Frasier: Oh no, no-no, that won't be necessary young lady, I'm as
          ready as I'll ever be...
Waitress: Alright.  Let me know if I can get you anything else.

She leaves.

 Frasier: [to her back, sarcastic] Yes, thank you.
  Martin: You know, I don't mind you guys being tough on this place,
          but you could be a little nicer to the waitress.
 Frasier: You're right.  I'll apologize when she comes with the 
          dessert.  Which should be any time now.

They begin to eat.  Or at least Martin does.  Frasier chews unhappily
while Niles picks over his potato as if he is dissecting a large
insect.

  Martin: Sometimes there's nothing like a good steak.
 Frasier: I wish this was one of those times.
  Martin: What's wrong?
 Frasier: Well, I don't mean to complain, but...
  Martin: Well, then don't!  For your information, these steaks come
          from prized beef raised at... [to Niles] What the hell are
          you doing?
   Niles: [still dissecting] Something seems to have fallen in my
           potato.
  Martin: Those are bacon bits!
   Niles: But I didn't ask for them.
  Martin: I ordered all the 'fixins.  You got all the 'fixins.
   Niles: But I don't eat bacon because of the nitrates.
  Martin: No problem.  They're artificial.  They're made out of soy.
 Frasier: [sarcastic] They really look out for your health here, 
          don't they?

Niles and Frasier laugh.

   Martin: [annoyed] Everybody in this restaurant's enjoying the 
           dinner.  Can't you guys do the same?

There are a few moments of peace as they eat.  Then...

 Frasier: Niles...
   Niles: Mmm-hmm?
 Frasier: Is Maris organizing the... [smiles to himself] Arts Council
          benefit again, this year?
   Niles: [also smiling] Matter of fact, she is.
 Frasier: Where are they holding it?
   Niles: Well, they haven't picked a spot yet... perhaps I should 
          tell them about this place!

Frasier and Niles laugh.  Martin is looking fed-up.

   Niles: I'd like to be a fly on the wall that night!
 Frasier: You wouldn't be the only one!

Frasier and Niles laugh hysterically.  Martin finally runs out of
patience.

  Martin: Alright, that's it. [throws his napkin down on the table] 
          I've had enough of you two jack-asses.  I've spent the 
          whole night listening to you making cracks about the food
          and the help.  Well, I got news for you: people like this
          place.  I like this place.  And when you insult this
          restaurant, you insult me. [stands up] You know, I used 
          to think you two took after your mother, liking the 
          ballet and all that, but your mother liked a good ball game 
          too.  She even had a hot dog once in a while. [reaches 
          into his pocket] She may have had fancy tastes, but she 
          had too much class to ever make me or anybody else feel 
          second-rate. [dumps some money onto the table] If she saw 
          the way you two have behaved tonight, she'd be ashamed.  
          I know I am.

He turns his back to them and goes to leave.

 Frasier: Dad, wait!

Frasier gets up and follows Martin.

  Martin: No, I'm going over to Duke's for a night-cap.
 Frasier: Well, at least let us take you there!
  Martin: [turns around] I'll take the cab!  I've had enough of you
          two for one night.  Leave the waitress a good tip.  She
          deserves it. [turns back to the door ]
 Frasier: Niles, say something!
   Niles: [gets up] Dad, wait...

He runs over to the doorway...

   Niles: ...the Mud Pie's coming!

But Martin has left.  Frasier and Niles walk, slowly, back to their
table.

 Frasier: [mocking] "The Mud Pie's coming!"  I feel terrible.
   Niles: Oh, so do I...

They sit down again, minus Martin.

 Frasier: You know, the sad thing is, he's right about us.
   Niles: Have we really become such snobs?
 Frasier: You don't see anybody else driving their father out into 
          the street to drink, do you?

The waitress arrives to remove Martin's plate.  She gives them 
a withering stare and whisks the plate away without a word.  
They are both mortified.

 Frasier: Niles, we... we've gotta apologize to dad.
   Niles: You're right.
 Frasier: We'll give him a couple of hours to cool down over at Duke's, 
          and then when he gets home, we'll, we'll settle this thing.
   Niles: Absolutely.  We've been just horrid. [glances at his plate]
          Frasier... do you think we've actually lost the ability to
          appreciate the simple things?  Steak, potatoes... �fixins?
 Frasier: I'm afraid so. [gestures at his plate] Well you know, the
          thing is, this-this is, this is good food!  I mean, it's 
          not too fancy but it's, it's, it's good, wholesome American
          fare!
   Niles: You know Frasier, as a tribute to dad, I think we should 
          sit here until we have cleaned our plates.
 Frasier: Well, I'm game if you are!

They tuck in, with enthusiasm - at least initially.

 Frasier: Going to prove that we are not snobs.
   Niles: Absolutely.

Niles, however, cannot bring himself to eat his baked potato.  
He hatches a plan to dispose of it.

   Niles: Frasier...
 Frasier: Hmm?
   Niles: [gazing over Frasier's shoulder] Look who's here.

Frasier turns around in his chair.  While he is looking away, Niles 
takes his potato off his plate and tries to wrap it up in the napkin
on his lap.  Frasier turns back, sees what Niles is up to, and gives 
him a disapproving stare.  Niles looks up, notices the stare, and
sheepishly returns the potato to his plate.

 Frasier: [gesturing at Niles] Eat your meal!

FADE OUT

Credits:

The Timber Mill, even later.  The restaurant seems to be closed: 
the diners are gone, the chairs are stacked upside-down on the 
tables, and a waiter is mopping the floor.  The camera pans over 
and we see the Hostess and the Waitress slumped in two chairs, 
watching bored as Frasier and Niles, still at their table, 
struggle to finish their food.

Act One.

I HATE FRASIER CRANE


Scene One - Frasier's Apartment.
It's the early evening.  Frasier is playing a tune on the piano, 
Martin is looking through some old police work, and Daphne is 
busying herself in the kitchen.  Frasier turns round to find Eddie 
staring at him.

Frasier: Dad, he's doing it again!  Must this dog stare at me all the time?
 Martin: I don't know.  Eddie - must ya? [Eddie carries on staring] 
         Apparently he must.
Frasier: [to Eddie:] What is so fascinating about me?  What is it? 
         Do you imagine I am a large piece of kibble?  Am I some 
         sort of canine enigma?  Think about it, get back to me.

Daphne enters carrying a tray of food.

 Daphne: Here we are, gents, dinner's up. [to Martin:] Can I give you 
         a hand clearing up your papers?
 Martin: No, you better let me.  I need to keep these in a particular 
         order.
 Daphne: What is all this, anyway?
 Martin: Oh, it's an old case of mine from the police force - the 
         "Weeping Lotus" murder. 
Frasier: Dad, I can't believe you're still trotting this old thing up. 
         He's been trying to solve this case for twenty years.
 Martin: Yeah, and I'm not stopping until I do solve it.  You adopt 
         certain instincts when you're a cop.  And my instinct tells 
         me that this case can be cracked.  There just must be one 
         small thing I keep overlooking. [tidies papers]
Frasier: There is - who the murderer was. [laughs]

The doorbell sounds and Frasier goes to answer it as Daphne and 
Martin chat.

 Daphne: It's nice you feel so dedicated.
 Martin: It's a hobby.  Some guys build a boat in their garage, I try 
         to figure out why a maniac would kill a hooker and try to 
         stuff her entire body into a bowling bag.  It's relaxing!

At this point Frasier opens the front door to Niles who is carrying a 
bottle of wine.  He enters and hands the wine to Frasier.

Frasier: Hello, Niles.
  Niles: Sorry I'm late, Frasier.  Just as we were leaving, Maris had a 
         run-in with a rude directory assistance operator and it 
         shattered her calm.
Frasier: Have you ever considered that maybe Maris is a bit high 
         strung?  Maybe she should see someone.
  Niles: She's seen everyone, why do you think she was calling 
         directory assistance?
 Daphne: Evening, Dr. Crane.
  Niles: Hello, Daphne.  It's so good to see you again. [she puts the 
         meal down] What an enchanting scent you're wearing.
 Daphne: [smells herself] Must be the ranch dressing.  Won't Mrs. 
         Crane be coming?
  Niles: No, I'm afraid.  And please, no more of this "Doctor" and "Mrs. 
         Crane" formality.  To you, it's Niles and... [stumped] er...
Frasier: Maris.
  Niles: Yes, Maris.
 Martin: Glad you could join us, Niles.
  Niles: Oh, I wouldn't have missed it.
 Martin: Well, I guess the food's all ready: why don't we just go 
         ahead and start?

Everyone sits down except Daphne who begins to take her food into 
the kitchen.

 Daphne: Well, enjoy.
 Martin: Where are you going?
 Daphne: I thought I'd have mine in the kitchen.
 Martin: Don't be ridiculous.
  Niles: Yes, we can't have you eating by yourself in the kitchen. 
         I'll join you.
 Martin: No.  We're all eating right here, like a family, end of 
         discussion.
 Daphne: Well, isn't this nice?  Feels just like home.
  Niles: I'm famished.
Frasier: Me, too.

Niles and Frasier begin to eat...

 Martin: You boys still say a prayer before you eat?

They relent and pretend they do.  All four close their eyes and hold 
their hands together.  As Martin begins his prayer, Niles stares at 
Daphne as Eddie stares at Frasier.  Daphne does not notice with her 
eyes shut.  However, Frasier notices Eddie's skin-creeping look.

 Martin: We thank you, Lord, for the food we're about to eat.  You have 
         blessed our table with your palm.  And thank you, Lord, for 
         bringing this family together and we also thank you for the 
         other gifts you have given to us.  And may we always be able 
         to share with those less fortunate...
Frasier: [to Eddie:] OH, WILL YOU STOP STARING!
  Niles: [off guard:] I wasn't staring!
 Martin: [takes what he can get] Amen.

They all settle down.  Daphne looks at Niles a little suspiciously 
as he begins the meal conversation.

  Niles: So Frasier, did you happen to read Derek Mann's column 
         today?  You were mentioned.
Frasier: No, I missed it.
  Niles: Just as well, it wasn't flattering. 
Frasier: I still would have liked to have seen it anyway.
  Niles: Oh, why didn't you say so? [takes it out of his pocket]
 Daphne: If I may ask, who's Derek Mann?
 Martin: He writes that "Mann About Town" column for the Times.  The 
         things that guys comes out with, sometimes he's really funny 
         - what did he say about you?
Frasier: [reading:] "I hate Frasier Crane."
 Martin: [laughs, then:] Oh, sorry. 
Frasier: That's it.  "I hate Frasier Crane."  That's it?
 Martin: Oh, don't let it bother you.
Frasier: Well, actually it doesn't, dad.  I knew when I chose a career 
         in the public eye that I'd be open to certain criticisms, 
         it's the price I pay for my celebrity.  Thank you, Niles, for 
         bringing me the paper, and thank you for highlighting it in 
         yellow!  Now, who would like some wine?
 Daphne: Oh, I'll have some.

Frasier goes to pour some as Niles compliments Daphne.

  Niles: Daphne, this salad is exquisite.
Frasier: [sitting down:] Now why would he say that?
 Martin: Must be the carrots, he always did like them.
Frasier: Not the salad, Derek Mann.  I mean, why would he write a thing 
         like that?  I've never done anything to him, the attack is 
         totally unwarranted.  I'm a healer, for God's sake.
 Martin: Oh, for crying out loud!
Frasier: Dad, I have every right to feel upset about this - I will 
         not enjoy my dinner until this is where it belongs - in the 
         trash.

Frasier goes to bin it as Niles tries to stop him.

  Niles: Oh, oh, there was an article in there I wanted to save.
 Martin: On what?
  Niles: Nothing.
 Martin: Come on, I'm interested.
  Niles: Oh, let's drop it.
 Martin: Why can't you tell me?
  Niles: All right, it was all about Margaret Thatcher's secret for 
         growing prize-winning zinnias.  Are you happy?
 Martin: [beat] Not really.

FADE OUT

OH, YEAH...


Scene Two - Radio Station.
The following afternoon Frasier is taking a call on air in his booth 
as Roz listens.

 Frasier: All right, Lorraine.  Now, calm down and try and listen to 
          what I'm going to say to you.  Will you do that?
Lorraine: [v.o:] Okay.
 Frasier: All right, good girl.  Now your problem...
Lorraine: [beep] Oh my gosh, another call waiting - someone else is 
          trying to get through.  Do you mind if I take it?
 Frasier: No, no.  Go right ahead. [she does] Well, certainly a very 
          interesting situation she's got herself into.  Don't you 
          think so, Roz?

Roz is busy eating and reading magazines.  She has to quickly chew her 
food, put down her books just for the simple:

     Roz: Yes. 
Lorraine: Okay, I'm back.
 Frasier: All right, Lorraine.  Now listen very carefully to what I'm 
          going to tell you.  Your problem seems...
Lorraine: [beep] Oh, I'm sorry, I'll be right back.
 Frasier: For someone who's got so many problems she certainly is 
          popular. [laughs]
Lorraine: Okay, go ahead Dr. Crane.  I'm here. [beep] Oh, I don't 
          believe it - another call.
 Frasier: Hold it there, Lorraine.  The reason why you want to take 
          that other call is the same reason that you want to change 
          your career and break up with your boyfriend.  You're 
          obsessed with what you think you're missing.  The better 
          offer, the call on the other line.  Well, you've got to take 
          one call at a time from now on.  Fully explore and 
          experience each one in its turn and you'll be a stronger 
          person for it.  Do you follow me, Lorraine?
Lorraine: Okay, I'm back! 
 Frasier: Thank you for your call. [hangs up] Well, we've only got 
          two minutes left, so I would like to end today's program on 
          a personal note.  As some of you may know, yesterday I was 
          mentioned in Derek Mann's "Mann About Town" column.  He 
          said, and I quote, "I Hate Frasier Crane"... "I Hate Frasier 
          Crane". [sarcastic:] What trenchant criticism.  Move aside 
          Voltaire, step back in the shadows H.L. Mencken, there's a 
          new kid in town.  One can only wonder how many hours Derek 
          Mann sat in the glow of his computer screen before his 
          trembling fingers sprang to life and pecked out this chef 
          t'ouerve: "I Hate Frasier Crane."  A lesser critic would 
          have wasted our time by presenting a well thought-out, 
          point by point, constructive critique of this show.  No, not 
          our Mr. Mann.  So dear listeners, when Mr. Mann's column 
          arrives on your front doorstep - read it, enjoy it, but 
          above all, treasure it.  For one day this man will be joining 
          the Pantheon of the immortals.  And if we're lucky... it'll be 
          one day soon.  I'm Dr. Frasier Crane. [signs off]

Frasier presses the off air button, and twirls his microphone around 
before blowing on it as if it were his weapon, then "holsters" it
in his belt.

FADE TO: 

YEAH!


Scene Three - Café Nervosa.
The following afternoon Frasier is drinking a coffee in the café with 
Roz when Niles enters and sits with him.

  Niles: Frasier, how funny running into you here.
Frasier: I'm always here.
  Niles: Yes well, you weren't here twenty minutes ago: have you seen 
         today's "Times"?
Frasier: [knowing what's coming:] No.
  Niles: Lucky for you I saved you this copy.  Take a look at Derek 
         Mann's column.
Frasier: You know, this is the second time in as many days that you 
         have given me a paper.  Have you ever considered getting 
         yourself a route?
  Niles: [to Roz:] Hello, I don't believe we've met.
    Roz: Yes we have, Niles, three or four times.  Roz Doyle.
  Niles: Oh, of course.  It was at the... it was during the... well, I'm far 
         too successful to feel awkward.  Where did we meet?
    Roz: The radio station.
  Niles: Ah, I'll take your word for it.  Nice to see you again. [then,  
         to Frasier:] Mr. Mann heard your program yesterday.
Frasier: So I see. [reading:] "Yesterday afternoon, Dr. Frasier Crane 
         got on my case for not giving him a point by point criticism 
         of his radio show.  Well, he asked for it, so here goes."
    Roz: [noticing:] Oh my god, his entire column is about your show.
  Niles: Not very flattering either.  Towards the end he even attacks 
         your "dimwitted sidekick call screener."
    Roz: [appalled:] That's me!
  Niles: Oh, now I remember you!
Frasier: [reading:] "It's hard to say what I hate most about Crane's 
         show — his pompous, sanctimonious style, his constant self-
         congratulatory references to his own life, or his voice: a mock- 
         sympathetic tone so sickly sweet one wonders if the man 
         graduated from medical school or from some mind-controlling 
         cult."
  Niles: It's continued on twelve.
Frasier: I've read enough!
 Waiter: [asking:] Can I get you something?
Frasier: [to Niles:] How can the man think something like that?
 Waiter: It's my job, I'm a waiter.
Frasier: We don't want anything, thank you.
    Roz: Frasier, I know this stinks, but in a couple of days it'll 
         blow over.
Frasier: Oh, perhaps you're right.  As angry as it makes me, to 
         retaliate would be to stoop to his level.  So the best 
         response is no response at all.

FADE TO: 

Scene Four - Radio Station.
Soon after these comments he is already shouting into his microphone 
about the recent newspaper report.

Frasier: [angry:] "Pompous and sanctimonious," am I?!  Well, this Mann 
         character can't even write grammatical sentences!  Every 
         five words there's one of his precious "dot, dot, dots." 
         Must be because he likes writing all those dots with the 
         crayon he writes this drivel in!

Roz, who looks like she has been listening to him rant for quite 
a while, tries to steer him back to the show.

    Roz: Dr. Crane, on line two we have Stewart who's having a 
         problem with delayed gratification.
Frasier: Well, he's just going to have to wait!  I don't know who this 
         Derek Mann thinks he is, but if he thinks he can hide behind 
         his newspaper like some sniveling schoolchild cowering 
         behind a tree, then I say let's expose this Derek Mann for 
         what he is: not a man at all, but half a man! [to Roz:] Now 
         what line did you say Stewart was on?
    Roz: He hung up.
Frasier: Well, I'm leaving all sorts of bodies in my wake today. 
         Let's see who's on line five. [he presses button:] Hello, 
         this is Dr. Frasier Crane - I'm listening.
  Derek: [v.o:] Good, because I was listening too.
Frasier: And you are?
  Derek: Derek Mann.
Frasier: [regretting:] I see.
  Derek: Look, nobody calls me half a man - especially some Ivy League 
         twit.  So what do you say we settle this like men?
Frasier: Are you implying that you want to fight me?
  Derek: I'm not implying, I'm saying.
Frasier: Fight, as in a fist fight?
  Derek: [sarcastic:] No, I thought we might throw pies at each 
         other!  So are you up to it, or aren't you man enough?
Frasier: [thinks] We'll be right back after these messages.

Frasier signs off for commercials as we fade out.

End Of Act One. (Time: 11:05)

Act Two.

Scene One - Radio Station.
The scene resumes where we left off.  The commercials have finished 
and Frasier gets back to his radio show.

Frasier: And we're back.  Well, we have a surprise caller on the line: 
         Derek Mann. 
  Derek: [v.o:] So what's it going to be, Crane, are you going to 
         fight me or not?
Frasier: Oh, you can't be serious.
  Derek: Just like I figured, you're chicken.
Frasier: No, I just don't think that civilized people behave that 
         way.  You know, Roz, perhaps our listeners have an opinion 
         about that subject?  Who do we have on the line?
    Roz: Well, lines one through eight are people who think you're chicken.
  Derek: You're chicken, Crane.  Admit it!
Frasier: I am not chicken!
  Derek: [squawks like a chicken]
Frasier: We are mature thinking people, not cavemen!
  Derek: [squawks some more]
Frasier: Alright, if you want a fight so bad, I'll give you a fight! 
         You just say the time and place! 
  Derek: Kinsley square, right outside your office, by the old 
         statue.  Noon tomorrow.  Don't back out!
Frasier: I won't!  Don't you back out either because I know where your 
         office is too, and I know where you live, and I'll track you 
         down!  Now who else out there wants a piece of me?!

FADE TO:

ET TU, EDDIE?


Scene Two - Frasier's Apartment.
That evening Martin is searching through his old case as Daphne 
passes him.

 Daphne: Having a look at that old murder case again?
 Martin: Yeah, I've dug out the old crime scene photos.
 Daphne: Well, don't be a greedy guts - let me have a look.

Daphne has a look at the photo of the girl.  After a while her psychic
powers kick in.

 Daphne: Her name was Helen.
 Martin: Yeah, it was. [knowing her trick:] Ah, you must have seen it 
         on some of my papers I've had lying around here.
 Daphne: No, I just got this feeling when I touched the picture.
 Martin: You're putting me on.
 Daphne: She had a lot of men in her life.
 Martin: No kidding: she was a hooker!
 Daphne: No, I mean she had four brothers.
 Martin: [surprised:] That's amazing.  She did have four brothers. 
         What else are you getting?  Well, come on, tell me more.
 Daphne: I can't just turn it on and off like a faucet.
 Martin: Give it a try, will you?  Please.  What else are you getting?
 Daphne: Nothing. [suddenly:] No, wait.  I see a man.
 Martin: Yeah?
 Daphne: A well-dressed man.  He's wearing wing tips and a trench coat.
 Martin: Yeah?  Yeah?
 Daphne: He's getting off an elevator... he's walking down a long 
         hallway... she doesn't know he's coming... he's opening the 
         door...

At this moment, a well-dressed man enters the apartment wearing wing 
tips and a trench coat - it's Frasier.

Frasier: Hello, everyone.
 Daphne: Sometimes I get my signals crossed.
Frasier: What's going on?
 Martin: Well - unless you killed a hooker when you were twelve - 
         nothing much!
 Daphne: We heard your show today.  I just loved the way you handled 
         that Derek Mann.
 Martin: You made your old man proud.  Yet the best part was when he 
         challenged you to a fight and you stood right up to him. 
Frasier: [worried:] Yes I did, didn't I?
 Martin: I can't wait to see that.
Frasier: Oh, I'm not actually going to go through with it, dad.
 Martin: What are you talking about?
Frasier: Well, I already won our little war of words.  What would I 
         stand to benefit by going through with actually going 
         through with a fist fight?
 Martin: Frasier, maybe I'm misunderstanding here... he challenged 
         you and you're backing down?
Frasier: Well, mature people are supposed to use their intellect to 
         settle their differences.
 Martin: A man doesn't just turn his tail and run - that's not the 
         way I brought you up.
Frasier: Are you encouraging me to fight?
 Martin: You bet I am - you gave the guy your word.
Frasier: Yes, but I didn't even know what I was saying - I hadn't even 
         had lunch yet.
 Martin: I might have known this would have happened.  It's Billy Kreizel 
         all over again.
Frasier: What did you say?
 Martin: Something about a Billy Kreizel, I believe.
Frasier: I can't believe you're dragging that up - that was thirty 
         years ago.
 Daphne: Who's this Billy Kreizel?
Frasier: Oh, he was this kid in fifth grade that used to torment me!
 Martin: So one day Frasier made fun of Billy's crewcut.
Frasier: Well, he started it by making fun of the elbow patches on my 
         blazer!
 Martin: Well, the point is, they were supposed to meet for a fight 
         after school.  Only "Patches" here didn't show up!
Frasier: I had a clarinet lesson!
 Martin: You don't need to remind me of that!  Billy's old man was a 
         cop, too.  Boy, the guys rode me about that excuse of yours for 
         years.  Every time I couldn't make it out for a drink they 
         used to say, "What's the matter?  You got a clarinet lesson?"
 Daphne: [wondering:] Couldn't you and Billy have met after the 
         clarinet lesson?
Frasier: Daphne, would you please excuse us for a moment!
 Daphne: [gets up:] I have a feeling I'm going to be excused quite a 
         lot in this house. 

She exits to the kitchen.

Frasier: [sarcastic:] Dad, I am sorry if I embarrassed you for not 
         fighting Billy Kreizel thirty years ago.  But the situation 
         is not the same now.
 Martin: It's exactly the same.
Frasier: I am an adult now, I've been to medical school, I hold a 
         certain position in this city - I do not settle my 
         differences with brawling.
 Martin: The man challenged you and you accepted. 
Frasier: Dad, I can't believe this.  You won't be happy until I come 
         home with a black eye.
 Martin: I just want you to do what you said you were going to do. 
         You know, you can talk about your medical school, your 
         intellect, your place in this city, but you know what?  It's 
         all one big clarinet lesson... I can't even look at you.

Martin exits to the kitchen, angry with his son.  Frasier is left with 
little dignity and looks at Eddie for a little support.  However, even 
Eddie turns his face away from him.  Frasier can only sulk.

[N.B. Billy Kreizel is the name of a boy who bullied director David Lee
in the sixth grade.]

FADE TO:

REQUIEM FOR A LIGHTWEIGHT


Scene Three - Café Nervosa.
The next day, Frasier is preparing for the big fight whilst chatting 
with Roz.

    Roz: So, I step out of the shower, I look out of the window and I 
         notice the garbage man looking right in at me.  So I say, 
         "Did you get a good look?"  And he says, "Not completely, 
         turn around."  Then he smiled, and he's missing a tooth, 
         and that's when the romance went right out of it for me.
Frasier: Roz, why are you telling me this story?
    Roz: I'm trying to take your mind of the fact that in five 
         minutes you're going to walk right out into that square and 
         get your clock cleaned.
Frasier: Well, has it ever occurred to you that I might actually win 
         this fight?
    Roz: Your shoe's untied. [Frasier checks his tied shoes] If you 
         fell for that one, you're going down and you're going down 
         hard.
  Niles: [enters] Frasier, there's quite a crowd forming out there. 
         Secretaries with bag lunches, business men, children with 
         balloons...
Frasier: All that's missing is a mariachi band.
  Niles: They're setting up.
    Roz: Well, I better go find a great place in the crowd.  I'll be 
         off to the left, Frasier, for when you tear his ear off and 
         want to throw it to a beautiful senorita.

She leaves the Café.  Niles looks at Frasier.

  Niles: Frasier, as your brother and as your friend - why are you 
         doing this?
Frasier: It's Billy Kreizel.
  Niles: [looking around:] Where?
Frasier: [shakes head] He's not here, Niles.  It's just that I ran away 
         from him when I was ten. 
  Niles: I remember.
Frasier: You know, I've been running ever since.  You know, this is 
         where it stops.  I'm not running anymore.
  Niles: What is it that makes us Crane boys such targets?

As he says this, he takes his nail file out of his coat pocket 
and buffs his nails.  He blows on them and offers the file to 
Frasier which he refuses.

Frasier: [sarcastic:] Chalk it up to random violence!

Niles nods in agreement and exits the café.  Martin enters.

 Martin: Hey, there.
Frasier: Dad?  What are you doing here?
 Martin: Look son, I said a couple of things last night that maybe 
         went over the line.
Frasier: Look dad, if you were worried that you talked me into 
         something that I wasn't ready to do — well, you're wrong.  
         You can relax.  I took this on for myself.
 Martin: Good.
Frasier: Who told you that I was going through with it, anyway?
 Martin: Oh, let's just say a father knows certain things about his son. 

They smile.  Daphne enters.

 Daphne: Good news, I parked in front of a broken meter.  We're getting 
         a freebie.  Well, good luck, Dr. Crane, with the fight. 
Frasier: Thank you, Daphne.  Any psychic predictions on the outcome?
 Daphne: Actually, yes.  But don't worry, I'm frequently wrong.

Frasier removes his jacket and tie.  Niles comes in.

  Niles: Frasier, Frasier, there's something I want you to see. 
         [points out of window:] There, the man standing to the left 
         of the statue - I recognize his picture from the newspaper, 
         that's Derek Mann.
Frasier: He's gigantic!
 Daphne: [looking out:] My God, you could show a movie on his back!
 Martin: Are you sure you want to go through with this?
Frasier: Yes, yes I am.

Frasier throws a few shadow punches to loosen himself up.

 Martin: Good, you'll be fine.  Just remember this is a street fight 
         and not a boxing match.  So fight dirty and throw the first 
         punch!
 Daphne: I found that a swift knee to the groin usually does the 
         trick. [cocky:] If you have any doubts, check with a fellow 
         in Manchester named Nigel Tavers.
  Niles: [begins to leave:] Well, if we want an unobstructed view...
Frasier: [stops him:] Look, I prefer if you guys stay here.  You'll 
         only make me nervous.
 Martin: Whatever you want.

They all wish Frasier good luck.  As he exits the mariachi band 
strikes up.  They all move over to the window to look out.

 Martin: They've got a mariachi band out there!
  Niles: I'll have to get their card, I need someone for our summer 
         barbeque.
 Daphne: Oh look, they're starting the fight.
 Martin: Nah, they're just circling, sizing each other up.  Come on,
         Frasier, if you're going to hit him, hit him now!

They all shout encouragements, then police sirens are heard.

  Niles: Is that the police?
 Martin: Yeah, what are they doing here?
 Daphne: They're breaking it up!  Just when they were getting started.

Shouts are heard from the crowd hurling insults at the police force. 
The officer marches Frasier right into the Café.

Frasier: Alright, I'll come along peacefully - let me just get my 
         jacket.
Officer: Relax, I'm not arresting you.  But I'm warning you that in 
         this town we don't settle our differences with street fights 
         - no matter who you are. 
Frasier: Well thank you, officer, you'll have no more trouble from me.
Officer: Okay. [exits]
Frasier: Dad, dad, did you see me?  My hands are trembling, my chest 
         is pounding, my mouth is all dry, my knees are like jello... 
         God, I feel great! 
 Martin: You did good.
Frasier: Yeah, I was out there.  I was raring to go, you saw that...
 Martin: I know you were.  You would have kicked his butt!
 Daphne: From here to Tacoma.
  Niles: [shouting:] I think we should celebrate!  Everyone, a round 
         of victory lattes on me. 

As the gang celebrate, Martin walks up to the officer on the door.

 Martin: Thanks Harry, I owe you one.
Officer: No problem, Marty.
 Martin: You cut it pretty close, though.  Another minute, then Frasier 
         would have been sidewalk litter.  He would have been lunch 
         meat. 
Officer: Say, some of the guys are getting together later at Duke's. 
         Why don't you come along?
 Martin: Yeah, maybe I will.  And you know why I will?  Because the 
         Crane boys don't take clarinet lessons anymore.
Officer: What the hell are you talking about?
 Martin: [embarrassed:] Oh that's right, you weren't in my precinct.

End Of Act Two. (Time: 21:10)

Credits:

Frasier's Apartment:
Eddie is sat on a chair staring at a picture of Frasier looking mad. 
He doesn't take his eyes off him.

Act One.

Scene One - Radio Station.
Frasier is well into his show as he takes another caller.

Frasier: Hello Doug, this is Dr. Frasier Crane.  I'm listening.
   Doug: [v.o:] Look, it's about my mother.  She's getting on now and 
         she doesn't have much of a life.  And she doesn't want to do 
         anything or go anywhere and she literally hangs around the 
         house all day.  I mean, it's very frustrating...
Frasier: I'm sorry Doug, can we just go back a second?  You said your 
         mother literally hangs around the house.  Well, I suppose 
         it's a pet peeve of mine but I suppose what you mean is that 
         she figuratively "hangs around" the house.  To literally hang 
         around the house you'd have to be a bat or spider monkey. 
         Now, back to your problem?
   Doug: Do you mind if we stop while I tell you my pet peeve?
Frasier: Not at all.
   Doug: [angry] I hate it when intellectual pinheads with 
         superiority complexes nit-pick your grammar when they come 
         to you for help.  That's what I got a problem with! [hangs 
         up]
Frasier: [happily:] I think what he means is, that is a thing with 
         which he has a problem.  Now it's time for a station break 
         and we'll be right back after a word from our friends at 
         [reads:] "Pizza, Pizza, Pizza." 

He puts on the commercial.  Roz enters.

    Roz: Hey, do you want to know my pet peeve?  It's when you're 
         in a department store and the clerk is right in the middle 
         of helping you and the phone rings.  So he starts taking 
         care of them.  And you're left standing there going, 
         "Excuse me, but all I did was come all the way down here 
         in person, whilst some joker is sitting at home in his 
         underwear getting first rate service!"  Don't you hate that?
Frasier: Actually, I do most of my shopping by phone.  You know Roz, 
         this conversation with Doug has got me thinking about my 
         father.  He doesn't do much of anything either.  He just sits 
         around most of the time watching TV and doing the occasional 
         crossword puzzle.  What does your mother do?
    Roz: She's the attorney general of Wisconsin.
Frasier: [not believing:] No, really!
    Roz: Really!
Frasier: I guess that helps fill her day.
    Roz: Yeah, quote mom, "Crime never stops - even in the dairy state!"
Frasier: [laughs] I don't think public office is for Dad, but maybe I 
         could find him a hobby or something.  Any suggestions?
    Roz: Well, in her spare time my mom likes to water ski a little. 
         She hikes, oil paints... oh, she likes archaeology.  She's on 
         a dig in Honduras right now.
Frasier: [making up for it:] Well, maybe I could get him a wood 
         burning set.

FADE OUT

A ROOM WITH A VIEW


Scene Two - Frasier's Apartment.
Daphne enters from the bedroom to find Frasier standing near the balcony 
assembling a telescope.

Frasier: Is Dad still asleep?
 Daphne: Yes, he's napping with the dog.  Eddie's little legs are 
         going like mad.  I think he's dreaming about chasing rabbits. 
         [thinks] I can't explain your father's twitching!
Frasier: [focusing telescope:] I think I'm just about done with this 
         thing.
 Daphne: I think your dad's going to love it. 
Frasier: Me, too.  I was walking through the hobby shop and saw this 
         thing and it was like, "Eureka!"  I actually said "Eureka!" 
         [looking through scope:] Ah, yes.  There are a million 
         stories in the naked city. [hopeful:] Now if we could just 
         find a naked one.
 Daphne: [mock anger:] Dr. Crane, you naughty boy.  Peeking in on 
         other people's privacy.
Frasier: Daphne, really.  I mean, if people were so concerned about 
         their precious privacy they wouldn't leave their blinds open 
         at that certain angle where you can see the mirror over the 
         mantle that reflects down the hall to the water bed in the 
         back room!
 Daphne: I think I hear your father coming.  Stand in front of it, 
         we'll make this a little surprise.

They stand in front of the telescope so Martin at first won't be able 
to see it.  Martin enters from his room.

 Martin: Hi, guys.
Frasier: Dad.
 Daphne: How was your nap?
 Martin: Great, I had the strangest dream.  I dreamt this beautiful 
         woman with bad breath was licking my face.

At this point Eddie comes out the bedroom and jumps onto the sofa. 
Martin realizes the source of the dream.

 Martin: [to Eddie:] Hey, where did you just come from?
Frasier: Dad, I got a surprise for you. 

Daphne and Martin step away revealing the scope.

 Martin: Hey, it's a beaut.  What's the occasion?
Frasier: Oh, no occasion, just thought you'd like it.
 Martin: Wow, that's great, thanks.  You know, I saw in the news 
         there's a bunch of falcons nesting in the eaves of the 
         Columbia Tower.  Maybe I can watch them from here.
Frasier: Dad, Dad, forget the falcons.  You can see everything that's 
         going on in that apartment building over there.
 Martin: [objecting:] Hey, I've locked people up for that kind of 
         behavior.
Frasier: Oh come on, it's perfectly innocent - just think of it as a 
         hundred more channels to watch.
 Daphne: [looking in scope:] Just look at them, people going about 
         their lives.  There's an old couple watching the telly, and 
         just next door an attractive young woman is working at a 
         computer, while below her a burly man is using a beach towel 
         to soak up a large pool of blood... oh my God!
 Martin: What?

Both Martin and Frasier go to look - banging their heads in doing so. 
Frasier stands aside to let the cop have a look:

 Martin: [looking:] No, that's tomato juice - you can see the can on 
         the counter.  You're right about that woman at the computer 
         though, she's a looker.
Frasier: Ah, you see, there's a voyeur in all of us.
 Martin: Well, let's see what else the Seattle skyline has to offer.
 Daphne: I say we make a strict rule, though: if anybody starts 
         doing anything nasty we move on.  Agreed? [they don't respond] 
         I said, agreed?

They eventually relent, look at each other and respond with a 
reluctant "yeah."

 Martin: [laughs:] Well, there's a lady over there with a telescope. 
         She's looking right back at us.
Frasier: [nervous:] What shall we do?
 Daphne: [worried:] Hide!

Frasier goes for cover behind the fireplace as Daphne ducks behind 
the centre pole.

Frasier: I knew it, I knew it, every time we do something bad we get 
         caught!
 Martin: [waves and shouts:] Hi, how you doing?
Frasier: What are you doing?
 Martin: She's waving at us, I'm waving back.
Frasier: Don't do that!
 Martin: Why not?  Hey wait, she's writing something down.  She's 
         holding it up.  It says, "Hello there, stranger." [laughs] 
         Hey Daphne, get me that pad and pen.
Frasier: What for?
 Martin: So I can answer her.  Write down "My name is Martin." 
Frasier: Dad, Dad you shouldn't encourage this person.  I don't really 
         want people looking in on our lives.  I don't think I've even 
         made my bed today.
 Daphne: Is she writing anything else?
 Martin: Yeah. [reads:] "My name is Irene."  Her name's Irene.
 Daphne: Her name's Irene.
Frasier: [sarcastic:] Thank you. 
 Martin: Wait, she's writing something else. [reads:] "Is that Dr. 
         Crane from the radio hiding in the back?"
Frasier: It does not say that! [looks] It does say that. [he waves 
         back:] Hi!

FADE TO:

Scene Three - Frasier's Apartment.
Three mornings later Martin is sitting on a stool looking through the 
telescope.  There are reams of wadded-up paper laying near him. 
Daphne is sitting on the step scribbling down Martin's dictations.

 Martin: Her older son's an accountant in Portland.
 Daphne: He was the breech birth, right?
 Martin: No, that's Dennis in Boise.
 Daphne: Oh right, he's the one with the wife that won't let him 
         visit.  I can't stand her.
Frasier: [enters from room in gown:] Morning Dad, Daphne. [waves to 
         window:] Morning, Irene. 
 Martin: Hey Frasier, when you were a kid, what was the name of that 
         skin condition you had on your butt?
Frasier: Pityriasis Rosea.
 Daphne: How do you spell that?
Frasier: [curious:] Why?
 Martin: Irene and I are exchanging family histories. 
Frasier: I really don't think your girlfriend needs to know about 
         that.
 Martin: [objecting:] She's not my girlfriend!
Frasier: Oh, come on.  You two have been exchanging notes now for the 
         past three days.  If you were in the sixth grade you would be 
         sitting in a tree "K-I-S-S-I-N-G."  Here Daphne, let me 
         borrow that pen. [he does]
 Martin: What are you doing?
Frasier: I'm going to help along your little romance and possibly 
         save a small forest.  I'm giving her our telephone number.
 Martin: [in terror:] No, no, no, no, no, don't do that!
Frasier: Why?
 Martin: Well, she'll think I'm being too forward.
Frasier: For God's sake, Dad, you met peeping into her apartment.
 Martin: [sure:] She's not going to call.
Frasier: You want to bet?
 Martin: Yeah, five bucks.
Frasier: [holds card up:] Okay.

There is less than a second of silence before the phone begins to ring 
and Frasier smirks at his father smugly.

Frasier: Well, are you going to answer?
 Martin: You get it.
Frasier: Dad, it's for you!

Martin, however, will not answer so Frasier does the honors.

Frasier: [into phone:] Hello.  No, no, this is Frasier.  Hi.  I'm fine. 
         Well, it gets a little flaky when the weather's dry. [rubs 
         butt] 
 Martin: [whispers:] Tell her I'm not home.
Frasier: Dad, she knows you're home - she's looking at you through 
         the telescope.
 Daphne: Come on, you're just a little nervous.
 Martin: [into phone at last:] Hello?  Hi.  Yeah, it's nice hearing 
         yours.  Can you hold on a minute? [puts phone to his chest, 
         then to Frasier and Daphne:] Would you two get out of here? 

Daphne and Frasier relent and let him have his private conversation. 

Reset to: Kitchen
They enter the kitchen where they chat.

 Daphne: I'm getting a very good feeling about this.
Frasier: Really? You really think he's interested in her?
 Daphne: [laughs:] Yes, I think so. 

They chuckle along together as Daphne takes a coffee cake out of the 
oven.

 Daphne: Do you want to hear something cute, Dr. Crane?  I made him 
         this rich gooey coffee cake this morning, because you know 
         what a sweet tooth he has.  And he wouldn't take one bite 
         because - as he put it - "Women don't like a spare tire on 
         a man."
Frasier: [laughs] That's so cute.  Oh, it's funny, you know - the 
         twists and turns of fate.  If I had tried to set Dad up with 
         a woman he would have rejected the idea out of hand - but I 
         go out get him this telescope for a hobby and it kindles 
         this romance.  It's Kismet!

As Daphne begins cutting the cake, Martin enters the kitchen and 
begins looking in the fridge without saying a word.  Frasier and 
Daphne just stare at him until:

Frasier: Well?
 Martin: What?
 Daphne: What happened?
 Martin: [cool:] We talked on the phone.
 Daphne: [knowingly:] And?  Was she nice, was she interesting?  What 
         did she say?
 Martin: She said a lot of stuff.
Frasier: [certain:] So it would be safe to assume that you two will 
         be seeing each other?
 Martin: Ah, she wanted to, but I said no.
Frasier: [confused:] No?  Why?
 Martin: She's not my type. [notices cake, then enthusiastically:] 
         Oh, coffee cake!  We got any butter round here?

FADE TO:

FORCAS FRACAS


Scene Four - Café Nervosa.
That afternoon Frasier and Niles are having on of their snobby chats 
in their sanctuary.

  Niles: You know Brewster Cale?  The pompous twit who is the president 
         of our wine club? [Frasier nods.] Well, at our meeting the other 
         night I convinced some of my fellow psychiatrists to play a 
         little prank on him.  When he thought he was tasting the 
         Chateau Petrus, he was in fact sipping a Forcas Dupres. 
         You see, we'd switched the labels. [laughs at the farce]
Frasier: [sarcastic:] What scamps you are!
  Niles: There he was, proclaiming the Petrus to be the superior wine 
         and of course none of us could contain our laughter.
Frasier: His face must have turned redder than a "Piechoné Logeavie." 
  Niles: Well of course, as so often happens, rough house turns to 
         tears.  At the end of the evening, Brewster tended his 
         resignation.
Frasier: That must have put a damper on the evening.
  Niles: Well, not really.  I'm the new president.
Frasier: Kudos indeed.
  Niles: Oh, oh, oh, is our dad and his lady friend still playing 
         telescope footsy?  What was her name?
Frasier: Irene.  No, they've broken it off. 
  Niles: Already?  I thought it was going so well.
Frasier: Well it was, but then they spoke once and Dad said that she 
         wasn't his type. [objecting:] So, it's over - done!  
         He's completely cut her out of his life.  I just don't 
         understand what would make him do that.
  Niles: Oh, who knows why anybody does anything?
Frasier: Remind me again what you do for a living?  You see the thing 
         is, it was just one phone call.  How can anyone make a sound 
         judgment about another person on the basis of one phone 
         call?
  Niles: Remind me again what it is YOU do for a living?
Frasier: Well anyway, I suppose it could be any number of reasons. 
         Fear of rejection, shyness...
  Niles: [obviously leading up to something] Or maybe Dad was telling 
         the truth and he just wasn't her type.  If only we knew someone 
         who was... I know!  Maris's lovely Aunt Patrice is in town 
         visiting from Washington, D.C.  Oh, oh, oh, maybe we should set 
         Dad up with her.
Frasier: [objecting:] No, Niles, I've met Aunt Patrice.  The woman is 
         a loon.
  Niles: Frasier, do this for me.  Every time Aunt Patrice comes to 
         visit, Maris makes all these plans, before she dives under the 
         duvet with a two-week migraine and I'm left holding the bag—
         literally and figuratively.
Frasier: Oh, I don't think so, Niles.  I know Dad, don't meddle.
  Niles: Alright, the least you could do is say hello to Aunt 
         Patrice.
Frasier: I'm not driving out to your house.
  Niles: You don't have to.  She's sitting out in the car.
Frasier: You left her in the car?!
  Niles: I cracked open a window.
Frasier: Well, then she's fine.

End Of Act One. (Time: 11:48)

Act Two.

Scene One - Frasier's Apartment.
Frasier is on the phone to his son that evening as Martin sits reading 
the paper.

Frasier: [into phone:] Now calm down son, listen to daddy.  It's just 
         a bad dream.  I promise you, Senator Thurmond is not in your 
         closet.  That's a good boy.  Yes, okay you go back to bed now. 
         I love you too.  Listen, I'll see you next weekend.  Okay, bye 
         bye. [hangs up]
 Martin: How's Freddie?
Frasier: Oh, Frederick is fine.  Oh, he sends his love.  He said to 
         thank you for the toy gun you gave him.  At least what he 
         can remember of it before Lilith smashed it to bits with a 
         croquet mallet.
 Daphne: [enters and looks through telescope:] Oh it's such a 
         beautiful night.  The city is lit up like a jewel.  Oh look, 
         there's Irene.  She's sitting in her window wearing a 
         stunning green dress.  But her face, it's so sad. 
Frasier: [looks:] Oh, oh, she's holding a note.  It says, "Martin, was 
         it something I wrote?"
 Martin: Will you cut it out?  Irene is not sitting in her window.
Frasier: Oh alright Dad, no she isn't, but she might as well be, for 
         god's sakes.  That's gotta be what she's thinking!
 Martin: Haven't you ever met a woman and then decide she's not the 
         one? [doorbell sounds]
Frasier: Yes, five years after I married her.
 
Frasier opens the door to Niles and Maris's Aunt Patrice.

  Niles: Hello there, Frasier.
Frasier: Niles - I was specifically not expecting you.
  Niles: Frasier, you remember Aunt Patrice.
Frasier: [greets her:] Well, of course.  Aunt Patrice, yes.  I don't 
         recall really when we met but I believe there was a lot of 
         laughing and dancing.
Patrice: My husband's funeral.
Frasier: Yes... well, of course, the laughter was to hide our tears. 
         Let me take your wrap. [he does]
Patrice: Thank you.
  Niles: We were taking a drive and I thought, "Why, we are just a 
         couple of short ferry rides from Frasier's," so we decided 
         to pop over.
Patrice: [pointing at Martin:] Niles, is this the charming gentleman 
         you were telling me about?
  Niles: Oh, Patrice, you bloodhound.  You've treed another one!  Yes, 
         this is my dad.
 Martin: How do you do, Patrice, I'm Martin Crane.  This is Daphne 
         Moon.  
 Daphne: Nice to meet you. [points to seat:] Please.
Patrice: Thank you. [sits]
 Martin: So, what brings you to Seattle?
Patrice: Well, I came to see Maris, but the poor thing's taken to her 
         bed again.  To this day I have no idea how tall she is.
  Niles: Yes, so I've had Patrice all to myself and we've had a great 
         time, haven't we?
Patrice: Well, if you call sitting in your waiting room for four 
         hours reading old magazines a great time, well then yes - we 
         had a laugh riot.
  Niles: Oh, now I know where Maris gets her sense of humor!
Patrice: [laughs] Oh.
 Daphne: Why don't I pop into the kitchen and gets us all some 
         refreshments?
  Niles: A capital idea, and why don't Frasier and I join you?  That'll 
         give these kids some time to get to know one another.


Reset to: Kitchen
Niles, Frasier and Daphne enter the kitchen.  Daphne knocks up some 
refreshments as Frasier gives Niles a stern lecture.

Frasier: Niles, I distinctly told you not to bring her here.
  Niles: I ran out of ways to entertain her.  We went to the 
         arboretum, a fashion show, a matinée of "La Cage Aux Folles" 
         and we even spat off the top of the Space Needle.  I'm sorry, 
         I cracked!
Frasier: Niles, that woman is certainly not Dad's type.
  Niles: You never know when love can bloom between two people who 
         seem so different on the surface. [hoping:] Do you, Daphne?
 Daphne: To tell you the truth, I never thought opposites attract.
  Niles: Neither do I, we are alike in so many ways!
Frasier: Oh come on, Niles.  We can't leave Dad out there alone with 
         her any longer.

Reset to: Living Room
They re-enter the living room.

  Niles: I'm sure they're doing just fine.
Patrice: [o.s.:] D'goo y'goo sp'geak g-sp'geak?
  Niles: Oh Lord, I was afraid of this.

Martin is having trouble with her in the room as Niles and Frasier 
dash in.

 Martin: What?
Patrice: [slower:] D'goo y'goo sp'geak g-sp'geak?
 Martin: [worried:] Niles, I think she's having a stroke or 
         something.
  Niles: No, no Dad.  It's just G-speak.
 Martin: Come again?
  Niles: It's something Maris and Aunt Patrice love to try out at 
         parties.
Patrice: Yes, you just speak a "g" in every syllable.  So you would be, 
         "M'garg-tin Cr'gane."  Just say it with me, come on... 
         M'garg-tin...
  Niles: I don't think Dad's interested.
Patrice: Oh, b'ge ag sp'gort, Gniles.
Frasier: What did she say?
  Niles: She said, "Be a sport, Niles."
Patrice: B'ge, agus, gesport, geda!
Frasier: Dad, do you still have your gun loaded?
 Martin: It's in my top drawer. 
Patrice: Isn't it a hoot?  Of course, it's all the rage in Washington. 
         You know who speaks it all the time?  G'George 
         G'Step-gan-ogp-ogu-logs.
 Daphne: [enters from kitchen:] I found some pizza rolls in the back 
         of the freezer, but the expiration date was yesterday - are 
         we game?
Frasier: Er, that won't be necessary, Daphne.  We don't want to spoil 
         our appetites for that dinner we're about to leave for in 
         twenty minutes.
 Martin: Yeah, that's right, that dinner in... er... twenty minutes.
Patrice: Oh Niles, I told you we shouldn't have just stopped by. 
         These people have plans.
  Niles: How I envy them.
Patrice: I enjoyed meeting you, Martin.
 Martin: [shakes her hand] Likewise.
Patrice: Oh, now, now, you can do better than that.

Patrice moves in to hug him, however he backs away and also away from 
the window.  Frasier and Daphne look at each other knowingly.  
Patrice finally gets what she wanted.

Patrice: I'll look forward to my next trip to Seattle.  Oh, and if 
         you're ever in the Washington area - I'm in the b'gook.  
         Bye-bye.

Niles eventually drags his aunt-in-law out of the apartment.

 Martin: What the hell was that?
 Daphne: I feel sorry for the poor thing.
 Martin: I feel sorry for Niles.
 Daphne: That's who I'm talking about.

She leaves to the kitchen.

Frasier: You know, I saw what you just did.
 Martin: What did who do?
Frasier: When Patrice went to hug you, you moved away.
 Martin: [laughs] Well, wouldn't you?
Frasier: No, Dad, no.  You moved away from the window.  You didn't want 
         Irene to see you with another woman.  You still care about 
         her.
 Martin: Hey, go chase yourself.
Frasier: Dad, you do.  There's something stopping you from having a 
         relationship with this woman.  Now, what is it?
 Martin: You're not going to let go of this thing, are you?
Frasier: No, I'm not!
 Martin: Alright.  Irene's middle name is Rose.
Frasier: So?  Rose is a nice name.  Rose was mother's middle name. 
         [realises] Oh.
 Martin: Yeah.
Frasier: Oh Dad, you can't feel guilty about that.  Gee, mom's been 
         gone for six years now.  Your feelings for Irene are totally 
         severed from your feelings for Mom.  You know, if she was 
         here, if she could tell you, she'd want you to get on with 
         your life.
 Martin: Okay, when I'm ready.  Thanks, Frasier.  You know - I guess I 
         don't say it often enough but you're a good kid.
Frasier: Well, thanks Dad.  You know, there's something I don't say 
         often enough...
 Martin: [correcting:] There's nothing you don't say often enough.
Frasier: [realizes what he means] Right, Dad.

Reset to: Kitchen
Martin enters the kitchen to find Daphne busying herself in the fridge.

 Daphne: I couldn't help but overhear.  That was a very nice thing to 
         say.
 Martin: Yeah, he's a good kid.
 Daphne: The only strange part is - I could have sworn Irene's middle 
         name was Marie.
 Martin: No, it isn't.
 Daphne: Well, I could go and check.  I still have all our notes in the 
         trash.
 Martin: Alright, alright... well, I had to tell him something.  Look, 
         I don't know why he just won't believe me when I tell him that 
         Irene just isn't my type.
 Daphne: You sure she isn't?
 Martin: You're going to get on my back too?
 Daphne: No, but I was just wondering if the reason why things didn't 
         work out between you and Irene was, well...
 Martin: What?
 Daphne: Well, maybe if you weren't just a little self-conscious about 
         your hip?
 Martin: That's ridiculous.
 Daphne: Well, I'm glad to hear that, because you really don't have 
         anything to be self-conscious about, you know.  With that 
         silvery mane, twinkling blue eyes and whiskey voice.  You're 
         quite a package.
 Martin: [laughs] Yeah, I'm quite a catch.
 Daphne: You are.  And you know as well as I do that history is full of 
         sexy limpers.  For instance, Franklin Delano Roosevelt. [then:] 
         Of course he didn't limp so much as roll.  Oh, I know, Toulouse 
         Lautrec. [then:] Although he was rather a little person.  Still, 
         he did rather well with the ladies. [then:] Of course, they were 
         all prostitutes.  But then again, he was French and there's no 
         explaining their taste.
 Martin: What's your point?
 Daphne: I guess I don't have one.  It's just me running on the way I 
         do.  But there is one last little thing: I did notice that 
         every time you went to the telescope to see Irene - you hid 
         your cane.
 Martin: [laughs] I just put it off to the side so I wouldn't trip 
         over the damn thing.
 Daphne: [seeing she's got through:] I knew there was a good reason. 
         It must feel awful silly when that cane trips you up. 

Daphne exits as Martin ponders on her words.

FADE TO:

GU-GULP


Scene Two - Frasier's Apartment.
Later that evening Frasier and Daphne are waiting.  Frasier is calling 
for his father down the hallway.

Frasier: Dad, Dad, will you hurry up?  She's going to be here any 
         minute.

Martin enters from his room wearing a suit.

 Martin: Alright, alright, Daphne.  See if I've got this tie on right?
 Daphne: Just needs a minor adjustment. [she does it, then:] What's all 
         this hair on it?
 Martin: The only way I can get the knot right is if I tie it on Eddie 
         first.

Eddie enters and jumps onto the sofa.

 Martin: Well, it's a long time since I've been dating.  Have things 
         changed much in the last forty years?
Frasier: Well, the wardrobe's a little different - but your ultimate goal 
         is still the same!  Dad, I'm glad you changed your mind about 
         this.
 Martin: Yeah, me too.  Thanks for our little talk.
Frasier: My pleasure.

Martin looks at Daphne as if to say thank you.  She nods a reply.

Frasier: Now let's see, you got a hanky in there?
 Martin: Yep.
Frasier: Terrific, alright.  Have you got your keys?
 Martin: Yeah.
Frasier: You're not going to be out too late, are you?
 Martin: Frasier! 
Frasier: Dad, I'm just busting your chops here.

The doorbell goes and both Frasier and Martin go "Oh My God."  
To understand this scene you've got to realize that Daphne and 
Frasier seem to act like the mother and father and Martin seems 
to be their kid going on a first date.

 Daphne: Will you two relax?  A word to the wise, though: if she asks 
         you up to her place after dinner - close the drapes! [laughs]

Martin opens the door.  The view is from Irene's P.O.V. 
Martin is very blushing at the front whilst Frasier and 
Daphne look on the scene with happiness from behind.

 Martin: Hi, Irene.  Nice to finally meet you.

End Of Act Two. (Time: 21:20)

Credits:

Frasier's Apartment.
That night Frasier and Daphne are asleep on the couch. However, Eddie 
is sat on a stool upstage looking through the telescope at his owner.

Act One.  
Scene A - Frasier's booth at KACL.  
Frasier is on air.

Frasier: You're listening to KACL 780 on your AM dial.  This is Dr.
         Frasier Crane.  All our lines are open, so please, give us 
         a call. [silence] I'm just sitting here waiting. [silence] 
         Hey, Seattle, c'mon, I know you're out there.  Hey, look, 
         I realise it's a sunny day but on all those rainy days, 
         I was there for you. [silence] Well, alright then, if 
         that's the way you want it, you leave me no recourse...
         [clears his throat; singing]
         "When the moon hits your eye like a big pizza pie-" 

His board lights up. 

Frasier: That seems to have gotten you going there, okay!  Alright 
         then, I knew you were out there.  Okay, Roz, who do we have?
    Roz: We have Gary from Issiqua on line two.  He and his wife had 
         a big fight.
Frasier: Sorry to hear that, Gar.  I'm listening.
   Gary: [v.o.] Well, y'see, Dr. Crane, my wife is hell-bent on going 
         to Italy this year.
Frasier: Ahh, Italia - the rolling hills of Toscana, the art of 
         Firenze, the passion that is Venizia...
   Gary: [over his head] Yeah, well, anyway - I like taking vacations 
         as much as the next guy but I say that, if we dip into our 
         savings, I think the first thing we should buy is a new 
         sump-pump for the basement.  At least with that-
Frasier: [interrupting] Oh, listen, Gary.  Let me stop you right
         there.  I'm afraid I'm going to have to side with your wife 
         on this one.
   Gary: But the trip to Italy costs eighteen hundred bucks, and that
         doesn't include the "Splendours of the Vatican" package.
Frasier: Gary, there is more to life than sump-pumps.  Whatever 
         happened to feeding our souls?  Look, for example, I recently 
         purchased a painting by one of this country's premier artists—
         oh, it's not important who.  Well, it's Seattle's own Martha 
         Paxton, but... Practical?  No.  But ever since acquiring that 
         painting, I look at it every day and there's not a moment when 
         I do that I'm not uplifted by its beauty.  So Gary, go to 
         Italy, bring back a suitcase full of memories.  Will you do 
         that?
   Gary: I still think I should get the sump-pump.
Frasier: [contemptuous] Well then, yes, Gary, you... you should get the 
         sump-pump!  We'll be right back after this newsbreak.

Frasier is now off-air and moves through to Roz in the control booth.

Frasier: Roz, just what is a "sump-pump?"
    Roz: If you need one, you'll know.  Listen, do you really own a
         Paxton or were you just blowing sunshine up old Gary's skirt?
Frasier: Yes indeed, I do own a Paxton.
    Roz: Well, you'll be pleased to know that she's on line three. 
         [holds up the phone]
Frasier: [gasps and snatches the phone] My God, Roz, she's the 
         preeminent Neofauvist of the twentieth century!  How 
         could you put her on hold?
    Roz: Well, the phone rang and I pushed the little button-

He gestures for her to push the little button again.

Frasier: Yes, hello, Miss Paxton.  I'm so sorry to have kept you 
         waiting.  Well, thank you.  I'm very flattered that you listen 
         to my little show.  Yes, well, yes, I meant every word.  Yes, 
         that's lovely, I'd like to meet you, too sometime. [sudden 
         thought] As a matter of fact, I'm having a few friends over 
         for a little gathering this Friday night, for cocktails and 
         such.  Well, I suppose you're far too busy to... you would!  
         Oh, that's marvelous.  Alright, that's the Elliot Bay towers 
         on the Counterbalance.  Around seven is just fine.  And, well, 
         I'll see then then.  Ciao! [hangs up]
    Roz: I didn't know you were having a cocktail party.
Frasier: That makes two of us!

FADE OUT

WHAT A SWELL PARTY


Scene B - Frasier's apartment, Friday night.  
The cocktail party has started.  Martha Paxton's painting occupies a
place of honor over the fireplace.

Daphne is standing in the middle of a small clique, while the rest of 
the party mingle around them.  Niles is seated on the stereo cabinet, 
gazing at her adoringly.

Daphne: Well, my theory on death is: first you're whisked down a long
        dark tunnel towards a beautiful white light; you suddenly get 
        all the jokes you never got before, you let out a little 
        chuckle, and then you die!

The clique laughs.

Frasier: That's a delightful story, Daphne, but I think the toast 
         points need replenishing.
 Daphne: [moving away] Be right on it.
  Niles: [hops down] Enchanting, just enchanting.
Frasier: My God, Niles, why is no-one eating the Mussoline of Duck?

Eddie hops onto the chair and starts eating it.

Frasier: Oh, you mangy little cur! [chases Eddie away]
  Niles: Well, now we know why.

Frasier tidies up the duck and nervously licks his fingers clean.

Frasier: Look, Niles, the dog is eating the food, the pianist is too
         intrusive, the Pinot Noir is far too stagey and it's five past 
         seven and Martha isn't even here yet!
  Niles: I'm not going to have to sedate you, am I?
Frasier: No, I'm just a bit on edge, I want everything to be so 
         perfect. [pause] By the way, where's Maris?  I haven't 
         seen her all night.
  Niles: She's on your bed.
Frasier: My bed?
  Niles: Yes, she's asleep under the guests' coats.  She exhausts 
         easily under the pressure to be interesting.
Frasier: Niles, she's supposed to be looking after dad.  That's the 
         only reason you're here, remember?
  Niles: Dad is in the bathroom - don't worry.

Doorbell rings.

Frasier: That must be la Paxton - and fashionably late, of course. 

He opens the door.  It's Roz. 

Frasier: Oh hi, Roz, it's you. [she looks offended] And you look 
         radiant.
    Roz: I look like crap - I've got a spot on my dress, I over-plucked 
         one eyebrow and the crotch of my pantyhose is creeping down to 
         my knees.

To Frasier's horror she squats behind the table next to the couch 
and pulls them up.

Frasier: Couldn't you have just done that in the elevator? [takes her 
         coat] Oh, my goodness, Roz, you've got a neck.  Gee, so what 
         do you think of the place?  Is it everything you imagined it 
         would be?
    Roz: Well, to be frank, Frasier, I don't spend my idle hours 
         imagining how you live.  But I did expect lots of beige 
         and, look, I was right.
Frasier: Would you like a drink?
    Roz: Sure, something light would be nice.

Frasier calls the waiter over.

    Roz: [to waiter] Double bourbon, rocks, and spill a little in the
         glass.

In the Kitchen, Daphne is bent over, taking a tray out of the oven.  
Niles sidles in, apparently innocently.

  Niles: Oh, Daphne, you're here, too.
 Daphne: My goodness, Dr. Crane - shouldn't you be out there mixing?
  Niles: Oh, don't mind me.  I'm just getting some ice. [puts the ice
         to his forehead]
 Daphne: Lovely party, isn't it?
  Niles: Yes, it is.
 Daphne: [chopping herbs] ook at this fresh fennel. [picks up a piece 
         and sniffs it] Smells wonderful, doesn't it?
  Niles: [smelling Daphne's hair instead] It certainly does.
 Daphne: [catching Niles] Dr. Crane, were you sniffing my hair?
  Niles: Why would I do a thing like that?  I'm a happily married man - 
         I love my Maris.
  Guest: [entering kitchen] Where should I put this coat?
  Niles: Just throw it on the bed.

In the lounge, people are still milling around.

    Roz: So, Frasier, which one is your dad?
Frasier: Oh, well, he's the older gentleman over there talking to
         Bethany van Pelt, showing her the photographs. [realises]
         Oh my God!

He rushes over to them.

 Martin: [re: photos] ...and when we finally got to her it was only 
         hanging by two tendons.
Frasier: [to Bethany, who looks ill] Would you excuse us, please? 
         [leads his dad away] Dad, will you stop showing these crime 
         scene photos?  You're embarrassing me.
 Martin: Oh, these society people eat this up.  Besides, she was the 
         one that brought it up.
Frasier: Oh, she brought it up?  Bethany van Pelt - the head of the
         Junior League - brought up the subject of a hooker whose
         body was hideously dismembered and scattered all over an
         abandoned warehouse.
 Martin: Yeah, she asked, "aren't these Swedish meatballs the
         messiest things you've ever seen?" and I said, "no, 
         as a matter of fact"-
Frasier: Dad, dad, please!
 Martin: Alright, alright, but stop shadowing me.  I don't need a
         nursemaid.
Frasier: Alright, if you give me your word, that's good enough for
         me. 

He passes Niles, who is following Daphne out of the kitchen.

Frasier: [hits Niles] You watch him!

As Frasier moves off, Niles would obviously prefer to stay with 
Daphne, when Roz comes over to him.

    Roz: Hi, Niles.
  Niles: Oh, hello.
    Roz: You may not remember me, I'm-
  Niles: Of course I remember you.  Would you be a love and watch that 
         man with the cane? [continues following Daphne]

Doorbell rings.  Frasier answers - this time, it is Martha Paxton.  
She is short, bald and aged around 50.  She wears a poncho which 
covers her arms completely, and a Native American bead necklace.

 Martha: Dr. Crane?  I'm Martha Paxton.
Frasier: Of course, who else could you be?  Welcome to my salon.
         [loudly] Everyone, everyone, your attention, please.  I'd 
         like you all to welcome our guest of honour, the renowned
         artist - Martha Paxton.

The guests applaud.

Frasier: May I take your... poncho?
 Martha: No, no, no, no, I never take it off at parties.  It gives me
         an excuse not to shake hands with people.
Frasier: Oh, how delightfully eccentric!  You must meet my brother,
         Niles.  Oh, Niles?
  Niles: [moves over to the door] Miss Paxton, Dr. Niles Crane.  It is 
         an honour to shake your hand. [outstretches his hand then, 
         seeing no reaction on her part, shakes her poncho instead]
         Well, to shake anything of yours is an honour. [skulks away,
         embarrassed]
 Martha: Now, where did you hang my painting?  I'm always curious to
         know how people live with my work.
Frasier: "Live with my work" - I love that phrase.  If you would, right 
         this way, please. [leads her towards the centre of the room] 
         I think this is the perfect spot for an ideal viewing.  Oh 
         God, I've waited so long for this moment - I'm just going to 
         stand back and let you describe your work - "Elegy in Green"—
         in your own words.  The way you insinuate the palette but 
         never lean on it, you capture the zeitgeist of our generation.  
         It is the most perfect canvas it has ever my privilege to gaze 
         upon.  I mean, one can only imagine what inspired you to paint 
         it.
 Martha: I didn't paint it.

A murmur passes through the crowd.

Frasier: [fighting panic] Of course you didn't.  You-you created it, 
         you gave birth to it.
 Martha: [walks to the painting] I didn't do anything to it - I never 
         saw this painting before in my whole life.
 Martin: [leans into Frasier's ear] And you thought I was gonna 
         embarrass you!

End Of Act One.

Act Two.

Scene C - Frasier's apartment, post-party.  Martin and Frasier are in 
the lounge.  Daphne is cleaning up while Frasier just leans against 
the pillar, staring at the painting.

 Martin: I really liked your friend Roz.  
Frasier: What?
 Martin: Roz, at the party tonight.  Nice gal.  Why don't you ask her
         out?  She's great-looking and she can really hold her liquor.
Frasier: Dad, do you mind?  I've just suffered the most humiliating
         evening of my life.  I've been been made a fool of by this,
         this, this... thing. [gestures towards the painting]
 Daphne: You know, I may be just a girl from Manchester but, I have to
         tell you, even though it's not a Paxton, I really like that 
         picture.  I liked it the minute I saw it.  I liked it even 
         before I knew who Martha Paxton was.  And quite frankly,
         I don't think that woman bathes.
Frasier: Well, enjoy it while you can because, first thing in the
         morning, this is going back to the dealer where I bought it.  
         I'm demanding my money back - no-one is going to take 
         advantage of Frasier Crane.
 Martin: You know, listen, Frasier.  You're kind of upset about this,
         maybe I should return it for you.
Frasier: Well, Dad, I appreciate the gesture but, really, what do you
         know about the art world?
 Martin: Apparently about as much as you do.

FADE TO:

#$&%*!!!


Scene B - The Hayson Gallery
Frasier is staring at a painting, he is approached by Phillip.

Phillip: I can see the love in your eyes.  You must have this painting.
Frasier: Are you the owner?
Phillip: Yes, I am.  Phillip Hayson. [they shake hands]
Frasier: How do you do, I'm Dr. Frasier Crane.  I happen - 
Phillip: No, not the Dr. Frasier Crane.  From the radio? 
Frasier: Guilty.  Yes, but -       
Phillip: My wife and I love your show!  Could I have your autograph 
         before you go?
Frasier: It would be my pleasure but, speaking of autographs, I have a 
         small problem with this painting. [holds up painting]
Phillip: I'm really distressed to hear that.  Would you like a glass of 
         wine?
Frasier: Well, actually I -
Phillip: My wife and I toured the Loire valley last year and we 
         couldn't resist buying four cases of this.  [opens the
         bottle and pours Frasier a glass] It's really quite
         extraordinary - I hope you like it. 
Frasier: Well, I'd really rather not have any wine at this moment -

Phillip lets Frasier taste the wine.

Frasier: Well, that's rather nice, isn't it?  Finishes well.  
Phillip: Very well.  Would you like some more?
Frasier: No, no, no, thank you.  I'd... getting back to my problem -
         I recently gave a small but elegant soiree at which Martha
         Paxton was in attendance, you see.  She told me that this
         painting was not her work. 
Phillip: Oh dear, I can imagine how embarrassing that must have been.
Frasier: I doubt you can, Mr. Hayson.
Phillip: Please, Phillip.  Let's take a look at that in slightly 
         better light, shall we? [walks the painting over to a stand
         and places it on the easel] Oh, yes, I remember this - it's
         breathtaking.  [Raising his voice] Ronald, Diane, will you
         step in here a moment please? 

Two of Phillip's shills come through to join them, they gather 
around the painting.

Phillip: Do you remember when this piece was in the gallery - 
         everyone who saw it wanted it.  
  Diane: Yes, it's a very special piece.
 Ronald: Mrs. Chitcherelli was heart broken when it sold.
Phillip: Oh, I remember - 
Frasier: Yes, I'm sure she was but, you see, it's not a Paxton!
Phillip: But it says right here that it is a Paxton.  The signature 
         is here. [The three bend to point at the signature]
Frasier: Martha Paxton says that it is not a Paxton.
Phillip: Oh, Martha, how is the old dear?  Her and I go back a long 
         way, is she still-? [makes a gesture to his hair - a reference 
         to Paxton's baldness]
Frasier: As a Crenshaw melon, yes.
Phillip: Would you like a little more wine?
Frasier: No, I don't want any wine.  I want to discuss this painting.
Phillip: So would I.  Maybe some brie? [Ronald and Diane disappear]
Frasier: No, I don't want any brie!  I want my money back.
Phillip: Oh, well, that's where things might get a bit... prickly. 
         You see, we have a strict policy here at the Hayson gallery -
         all sales are final.  
Frasier: But, in this case, you're willing to make an exception.
Phillip: Oh, I'd love to, but I can't.
Frasier: Yes, but it's a forgery.
Phillip: Well, if it is, it's a damn good one. [laughs]
Frasier: Alright, alright, I'm going to make this simple - I want my
         money.
Phillip: I'm sure you do.
Frasier: Oh, I know what you're doing - you're "handling" me.  You're
         agreeing with everything I say hoping I'll tire and go away.
Phillip: Whatever you say.
Frasier: I don't believe it!  You're shining me on.  You are shining
         me on!  Where is the fairness of this, where is the justice?!
Phillip: Dr. Crane, if you ever find justice in this world, let me 
         know, will you?  Now, if you'll excuse me, I have work to do.
         [walks away]
Frasier: What?  Did a crate of freshly-painted Rembrandts just arrive?! 
         [follows him] Damn it, you're not getting away with this!  
         I am not leaving.  I am not leaving!  I am NOT leaving.

FADE TO:

AFTER HE LEFT...


Scene C - Frasier's apartment.  
Frasier arrives, with the painting, to find Martin eating at the dinner
table.

 Martin: What are you still doing with that?  I thought you were going 
         to return it.
Frasier: They wouldn't take it back.  All I got was some attitude and 
         a cheap glass of wine - Loire valley, my ass.
 Martin: What are you going to do now?
Frasier: Well, they've forced my hand.  I'm going to call the police.
         [picks up the phone]
 Martin: Five-five-five three thousand.
Frasier: Thanks, Dad.  Try to mess with Dr. Frasier Crane, I'll teach
         them. [into phone] Hello, yes.  Oh, just a second. [to Martin] 
         Dad, who do I ask for?
 Martin: Have them put you through to the fine arts forgery department.
Frasier: [into phone] Hello, yes, the fine arts forgery department,  
         please. 

At the table, Martin hides his grin while Frasier gets a sour look.

Frasier: Dad, they're laughing at me.
 Martin: [chuckling] Give me the phone. [Frasier does] Hi, who's this?  
         Hey, Doris.  Yeah, Marty Crane.  Yeah, that was my son.  Yeah, 
         I just thought he needed a bite of a reality sandwich.  Yeah, 
         yeah, give my best to the guys.  Thanks.  Bye. [hangs up]
Frasier: What was that?
 Martin: Frasier, the boys downtown have their hands full of murders 
         and robberies - they don't have time for this artsy-fartsy
         stuff.
Frasier: Yes, Dad, but what am I supposed to do?  I've been cheated!

Niles and Daphne emerge from Frasier's bedroom, both are disheveled 
and appear straightening their clothes.

Frasier: What were you two doing back there?
  Niles: Maris lost her earring at the party last night.  Daphne was
         good enough to crawl under the bed to look for it while I...
Frasier: [long and low] Yeeeess?
  Niles: Searched the credenza!
 Daphne: Maybe I'll go check in the hallway.  It might have gotten
         trampled into the carpet when everybody stampeded for the
         elevator.
Frasier: No one stampeded!  They were all just good guests, they knew 
         when to leave.
  Niles: Two hours early. [laughs]
Frasier: Oh, shut up, Niles!
  Niles: [sees the painting] Oh, I see.  Am I to ascribe this foul mood 
         to the fact that you were unable to unload the bogus Paxton?
Frasier: Yes.  Gee, I know, Niles.  What is the name of that really 
         vicious lawyer that you use?
  Niles: Which one, the one I used to sue the contractor or the one 
         I used to sue the personal trainer?
Frasier: Well, the meanest.
  Niles: Uh, that would be the second one.  I used him to sue the 
         first one.
Frasier: Right. [picks up the phone] Ah, just give me his number, 
         will you?
 Martin: Ah, forget it, Frasier.  Five years of litigation and you'll 
         end up paying eight times what you paid for the painting. 
         [carries his plate to the kitchen]
  Niles: He's right about that.
Frasier: [replaces the phone] God, I hate laywers!
  Niles: Oh, me too. [sits down on the couch]  But they make wonderful 
         patients.  They have excellent health insurance and they 
         never get better.
Frasier: Say, I know, I know.  I can use my radio show - why didn't I
         think of this earlier?  I can use my bully pulpit to expose
         that man for the fraud that he is!
  Niles: Now, Frasier, that's slander.  He'll sue you for everything
         you've got.
Frasier: Damn it, Niles, where is the justice?  Where am I supposed to 
         turn to?  I'm a, a beloved household personality and I've been 
         screwed! [gestures at the painting]
 Martin: [as he returns from the kitchen] For God's sake, Frasier,
         you're forty-one years old.  It's time you learned something:  
         the system ain't perfect.  Sometimes the bad guy wins.  And 
         all those things you thought would be around to help you, 
         the courts and the police department?  Well, sometimes 
         they're just not there when you need them.  So you can either 
         let it eat a hole in your stomach, or you can just file it 
         away under the heading, "Sometimes Life Sucks." 
         [exits to his room]
Frasier: [shouts after him] Yeah well, that file's getting pretty 
         thick!

Niles returns from the bar with two sherries.  He hands one to 
Frasier.

Frasier: So that's that, huh?  Hayson just gets away with it.  He's 
         sitting there now with his brie and his wine and his little 
         chuckle at my expense.  Gosh, you know, I finally understand 
         why people take matters into their own hands.  It would be so 
         satisfying right now to just... slash his tires, or... throw 
         a brick though his window or something.  Just so he'd learn 
         that you don't do this to people and get away with it.
  Niles: Yes, well, I know you, Frasier, and I know that you'd never
         resort to that sort of thing. [looks at his brother, and 
         becomes unsure] Would you, Frasier?

Silence.

  Niles: There's a vein throbbing in your forehead.

Daphne enters from the hallway.

 Daphne: Well, I couldn't find it in the hallway but let me give it
         one last try.  Could you give me the matching earring?  Maybe
         I'll get something from it.

Niles hands Daphne the earring.  She holds it in both hands and 
concentrates.

 Daphne: Oh yes, I'm getting a feeling.  It's in your father's room.
         No, no, it's in Dr. Crane's room.  Oh, this is odd, now it's 
         in the hallway.

Eddie scampers in from the hallway and across the lounge.

Niles/Daphne: Eddie!

Niles and Daphne run after Eddie while Frasier grabs his car keys 
and exits the apartment.

FADE TO:

PEACHFUZZ


Scene D - Outside the Hayson Gallery.  
Frasier creeps round the corner, holding a brick.  He checks that the 
coast is clear, then stands in front of the window and is about to 
throw it until he notices an old couple walking past.  He hides the 
brick behind his back.

Frasier: Good evening.  Lovely night, isn't it?  Yes, well, goodnight.

Again, Frasier gets ready to throw the brick but this time a horn 
honks and Niles's car pulls up in front of the gallery.

  Niles: [through car window] Get in the car.
Frasier: Niles, what the hell are you doing here?
  Niles: Stopping you from doing something really stupid.  Now get
         in the car.
Frasier: I will not!  Niles, look, I know this is wrong but I don't 
         care!  It's the only thing left for me!
  Niles: Alright, Frasier. [steps out of the car; Frasier retreats] 
         Frasier, just give me the brick and no one will get hurt.
Frasier: Why don't you just go away?  This is no concern of yours.
  Niles: Yes, it is.
Frasier: How?
  Niles: Remember that day in junior high school when somebody took
         all my clothes while I was in the shower, right after gym
         class?  They hung them from the goalpost on the football 
         field.  I had no choice but to get a ladder and climb up 
         there wearing nothing but a towel, wet and shivering.  Then 
         the towel fell off!  There I was - your little brother, 
         hanging naked from a goal post, and everyone was standing 
         around laughing, and all Coach Medwick would do was stand 
         there going- [holds his arms up to imitate the gesture] 
         whatever that means.

[N.B. In American football, the signal - raising the arms to vertical 
and then dropping them to a "Y" position - means "field goal!" when a 
player scores by kicking the ball over and through the goal post.]

Frasier: Niles, why are you telling me this?
  Niles: Because - I was so humiliated, I went home, I cried my eyes
         out, I swore I would get even.  I was just about to put
         sugar into Coach Medwick's gas tank... and you stopped me.  
         Remember what you said?  "If you act like a barbarian, you 
         will become a barbarian."
Frasier: I said that?
  Niles: Yes.  Well, actually you were more verbose at the time.  
         I had to listen, you were sitting on my chest.  

Pause.

  Niles: Give me the brick, Frasier.
Frasier: [frustrated] And let him get away with this?!
  Niles: I know, I know!  What the gallery owner did to you was wrong, 
         it was humiliating.  But if you throw that brick through that 
         window, you will have lost something more valuable than your 
         money.  You will have lost... your mind.  Frasier, you can't 
         do this!
Frasier: Well, Niles, if you were strong enough to show restraint
         after so much humiliation, not to mention the nicknames.
  Niles: [as if remembering] Nicknames. [then:] There were nicknames?
Frasier: Oh, you didn't know that?  Oh dear God, yes.  Uh, "Peachfuzz,"
         "Jingle Bells" - I can't remember the rest.
  Niles: "Peachfuzz"?
Frasier: Yes, I believe Coach Medwick made that one up himself. 
         [hands Niles the brick] Well, anyway, here you are.  
         I won't be needing this anymore.
  Niles: I'm proud of you.

Frasier heads towards the car but Niles does not join him.  Instead, 
he cocks his arm and hurls the brick through the gallery window,
shattering it with a loud crash.  As the alarm sounds, Niles throws 
his hands up in a gesture reminiscient of the Coach Medwick signal.

Frasier: [shouts above the alarm] My God, Niles!  What are you, what 
         have you done?!
  Niles: [proud] I've struck a blow for justice!  Nobody calls me
         "Peachfuzz."  Now let's get the hell out of here. 

They both run to the car, but as Frasier dashes to the passenger side, 
Niles stops and runs back to the window with his wallet out.

Frasier: Niles, what are you doing now?
  Niles: We may be barbarians, but we pay for our pillaging! 

He throws a handful of notes in through the broken window.

Frasier: Come on, come on! [Niles gets into the car] GO, GO, GO, GO!

Niles's tires squeal as he speeds away from the gallery.

End Of Act Two.

Credits:

Frasier is contemplating the painting after hanging it on the wall.  
The camera begins to zoom out and we discover that he's hung it above
the cistern in the powder room.

Act One.

Scene One: The Frasier Crane Show.  
Frasier is at his console.

Frasier: [into mike] It's 4:25 and this is Dr. Frasier Crane.  Roz, who's
         our next caller?
    Roz: We have Hank on line three.  He's having trouble with his 
         neighbors.
Frasier: Hello Hank.  I'm listening.
   Hank: Am I on?
Frasier: Yes, you are on the air.
   Hank: Hello, am I on?
Frasier: Hank, listen.  Turn down your radio and just talk into your
         phone. 
   Hank: Hello?
Frasier: Listen, Hank please, you won't be able to hear yourself, we're
         on a seven-second delay.
   Hank: Hello, can you hear me?
Frasier: Oh, for crying out loud. [hangs up on Hank] Thank you, Hank.
         People, would you please turn off your damn radios. [Roz
         immediately starts making very large "NO" gestures] No, I mean
         just those of you who are calling in!  Roz, who's our next caller?
    Roz: We have Marco on line two.  He's having problems with his
         relationship.
Frasier: Hello Marco.  I'm listening.
  Marco: Well, I uh, I started seeing this woman two years ago.  I think
         it was two years.  Um, it was around Thanksgiving.  Yeah, yeah,
         yeah, right.  The leaves were off the trees and the...
Frasier: Close enough.  What is your problem, Marco?
  Marco: Well, it's not really my problem, it's more like her problem.
         Lately she keeps pressing me for a commitment.
Frasier: What's holding you back?
  Marco: I don't know, I just... I guess I just want to keep my options
         open.  You know, in case somebody better comes along.
Frasier: "Somebody better comes along."  Somebody better comes along?!
         Marco, Marco, Marco, do you hear yourself?
  Marco: No, I turned my radio off after you blasted that other guy.
Frasier: Well listen, I suggest you give your motives a thorough examination,
         and if you can't commit, it's best for both of you to break
         it off.  Thank you for your call. [hangs up] Tell me listeners,
         what is it with guys like that?  Hey Roz, you've been around
         the block a few times.  You ever run into a guy like Marco?
    Roz: Oh, they're all Marcos.  You can't swing a dead cat without
         hitting a Marco.
Frasier: Come on.  I mean, if that were so, then no-one would be having
         a relationship.
    Roz: Well, I'm not.  My sister's not.  None of my friends are.  I've
         seen the future, and its name is Marco.
Frasier: What do you think, Seattle?  Are there any non-Marcos out
         there?  Or is Roz here destined to live a life of hopeless,
         loveless spinsterhood?  Back after this.

He goes off the air.

    Roz: Gee, I just love it when you include me in your show.

FADE OUT

'TWAS TWO MONTHS
BEFORE CHRISTMAS...


Scene Two: Frasier's apartment. 
The fireplace is decorated with all the Christmas trappings.  In front 
of it is a tree to which Martin is hanging a final bauble.

 Martin: This is really weird.  It's not even Halloween yet.  Do we really
         have to do this now?
 Daphne: [setting up a camera] If we're going to have a picture for the
         Christmas card, we've got to make it look like Christmas.
 Martin: I don't know why we just can't do what my wife and I did - put
         Frasier and Niles in matching sweaters and sit them on the hood
         of the old Packard.
 Daphne: Well, this year we're going to be a little more artistic, right?
 Martin: Where the hell is Frasier anyway?  I could use some help here.
 Daphne: He's still napping.  My grandfather used to nap every afternoon.
         He lived to be ninety-three.
 Martin: Really?
 Daphne: He'd lie there on the sofa, and you couldn't wake him for the
         world.  Grammy would say "He might as well be a dead man."
         Then of course, one day, we couldn't wake him.  He really 
         was a dead man.  Poor Grammy.  For weeks she'd keep insisting, 
         "He's napping, he's napping".
 Martin: Okay.  I'm going to turn it on. [plugs in fairy lights]
 Daphne: Oh, it's lovely. 

She starts singing, Martin joins in.

   Both: "Deck the halls with boughs of holly;
         Fa-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la!
         'Tis the season to be jolly;
         Fa-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la!" etc.

The carol continues as Frasier comes in, still groggy from his nap. 
He looks around, at a loss.
   
Frasier: Excuse me, excuse me. [they stop singing] Exactly how long
         have I been asleep?
 Martin: Oh good, you're up.  Now we can get this picture taken.
Frasier: What picture?
 Daphne: The picture for the Christmas card.  We told you about it last
         week, remember?
Frasier: Oh, oh right.
 Daphne: [handing out woolen hats] Now the theme this year is "Santa's
         Workshop."  Everybody put on your little elf hats.
Frasier: I am not putting this on my head.  For God's sake, I mean, I'm
         a respected professional.
 Martin: [wearing his] But if you don't, it'll look stupid.
Frasier: Oh, I think the ship has already sailed on that one.
 Martin: Just put the hat on, Frasier.
Frasier: You can't tell me what to do.
 Martin: I am telling you, look, put the hat on.
Frasier: No, look, the days are past when you can just sit me on top
         of some stupid old Packard and make me wear matching sweaters 
         with my little brother.
 Daphne: Boys, boys please.  Don't fight.  Are you forgetting what day
         it is?
Frasier: It's October 21st!
 Martin: Can we just get the picture taken, please?

Daphne sets the camera timer and gets into the group huddle.

 Daphne: Alright, I've got it all set.  Fifteen seconds, gents. [realises]
         Oh, wait.  There's something missing.  Where's Eddie?
 Martin: Oh, he's in the bathroom, getting a drink.  EDDIE!

To the sound of sleigh bells, Eddie appears.  To Frasier's ire,
he has reindeer antlers tied to his head.  The camera flashes.

Frasier: Well, I can always pray there's a postal strike.

FADE TO:

M&M's AND SYMPATHY


Scene Three: Radio Studio
Frasier is finishing his show.

Frasier: [on air] Well, that's just about it for today.  This is Dr. 
         Frasier Crane, saying go on out there and make it a great 
         evening, Seattle.

He goes off the air.  Roz enters with one of his studio portraits 
and a pen.]

    Roz: Hey, before you go, there's a fan in the hall who'd like your
         autograph.
Frasier: Oh, God.  Save me from my adoring fans. 

He signs the photo then looks out of the window to see a beautiful woman 
(Catherine) waving at him. 

Frasier: Ooh... ooh, but not from the adorable ones. 

He exits into the corridor. 

  Frasier: Hello.  Ah, my producer told me you wanted an autograph.  Ah, how should 
           I make this out?
Catherine: You disgust me!  You parasitic fraud!
  Frasier: Well, that's certainly different from the usual "Best Regards." 
           [moves to escape]
Catherine: Wait a minute, don't walk away from me.  For once you're going
           to face the consequences of what happens after you hang up on
           your callers.
  Frasier: What consequences?  What are you talking about?
Catherine: I'm Marco's girlfriend.  Excuse me - ex-girlfriend, thanks to
           you.
  Frasier: Marco?  You mean the Marco who-didn't-want-to-commit Marco? 

He goes into the booth and she follows him.

Catherine: Ah, you damn radio shrinks!  You couldn't just tell him to
           stick with it.  That kind of advice doesn't get big ratings.
           No, "break up with her, get on with your life and ruin hers." 
           Now that's entertainment.
  Frasier: Now just hold on one minute.  Did you actually listen to the
           show?
Catherine: ...No.  But Marco told me what you said.
  Frasier: Oh he did, did he?  Did he also mention that he said that he
           was only staying with you to "keep his options open?"  Because 
           that's what he told me.  To be exact, he said he was only 
           staying with you "until somebody better came along."
Catherine: He said that?
  Frasier: He said that to most of Seattle.  Apparently you're the only
           one who missed it.
Catherine: So, it wasn't that he didn't want to commit.  He just didn't
           want to commit to me. [starts to cry]
  Frasier: Well I'm... I'm terribly sorry I had to tell you.  But, um, at
           least now you know the truth.  Oh, no-no-no, don't cry.  You're
           in a place of business here. 

With his usual tact, he places a folder over the mike to protect it 
from her tears.

Catherine: Ooh, boy, I can really pick 'em, can't I?
  Frasier: Oh no, don't go there.  Look, this is not your fault.  You are
           a terrifically attractive young woman - I mean, maybe a bit 
           overemotional...
Catherine: [buries her head in Frasier's shoulder] OOHH!
  Frasier: [hugging her] Oh, yes.  There, there.  Shh... listen, can I... 
           can I get you something?
Catherine: No.
  Frasier: A drink of water?
Catherine: No.
  Frasier: [lost, looks around and sees the candy machine] M&M's?
Catherine: [they break] Plain or peanut?
  Frasier: Whichever you like.
Catherine: Peanut. 

He goes to the vending machine in the corridor.  She follows. 

Catherine: I should have seen this coming.  I mean, the guy
           practically had a coronary when I brought a toothbrush over
           to keep at his apartment.
  Frasier: [handing over packet] Here.
Catherine: Thank you.  You want one?
  Frasier: Ah, no thanks.  Ah, why don't you have a seat here. [indicates
           chair]
Catherine: Thank you. [sits crossed-legged]
  Frasier: But listen, if... if he was that resistant, why did you stay
           with him?
Catherine: I had a lot invested in him.
  Frasier: Yes, but that's no reason to settle for someone who isn't madly
           in love with you.
Catherine: Well, right now I'm not sure there are any men out there who
           are actually capable of falling madly in love.
  Frasier: Of course there are.  You know, at the most basic level men and
           women are the same.  We both need to be loved, and to love someone,
           we both want to feel that we matter to someone and that someone
           matters to us.  And making a commitment to another human being
           is the ultimate expression of our humanity.   
Catherine: Wow.  Your wife is really lucky.
  Frasier: I'm sure she'd say the same thing, especially now that our
           marriage is over... well, maybe I will have one of those M&M's.
           [takes packet, helps himself]
Catherine: Oh, boy.  Why are relationships always so hard?  Hey, [indicating
           Frasier's choice of M&M] you like the yellow ones too, huh?
  Frasier: Yeah.  You know, people try to tell you they're the same but...
Catherine: I know.
  Frasier: But they're not.
Catherine: No.
  Frasier: Well, you know, relationships don't always have to be so hard.
           I remember back in med school, I heard of a documented case
           where a man and a woman met, got along, and actually lived
           happily ever after.
Catherine: Yeah, I don't mind the happily ever after part.  It's the dating
           part.  If I have to tell one more stranger the fascinating story
           of my life over more Italian cuisine I'm gonna choke on a
           breadstick!
  Frasier: [laughs, then sits crossed-legged as well, mimicking her] I know.
           You know, I just keep thinking that maybe we can just resume this
           over appetizers. 
Catherine: Oh, no, no.  Half the time I'm ready to exchange goodbyes
           over appetizers.
  Frasier: Well, at least you don't get stuck with the bill.
Catherine: God, you haven't dated much lately, have you?
  Frasier: No.  I usually end up in restaurants alone.
Catherine: Oh, I can't do that.  I even have to turn on the TV at home
           so at least it feels that there's someone else in the room.
  Frasier: Is that what you'll be doing tonight?
Catherine: [eats an M&M from Frasier's hand] Well, unless I just keep
           eating M&M's, which is a distinct possibility.

Frasier finishes the packet in one go.

FADE TO:

KISS ME, KATE


Scene Four: Cafe Nervosa. 
Frasier and Catherine are sitting at a table.  She is reading his palm.

  Frasier: "Soft and supple, yet strong, right down to the beautiful almond-
           shaped nails."  You really see all of that in my hand?
Catherine: Mmm.  I'm late.  I gotta go to work.
  Frasier: Oh, wait, wait.  We haven't decided what we're gonna do tonight.
           Ah, Antonio's?  Le Cigar Volante?
Catherine: We've gone out for the last three nights, why don't we just
           stay in, huh?
  Frasier: That's a great idea.  I'll tell you what.  I'll uh, send dad and
           Daphne off to the movies.  I'll cook for you.  Be at my place at
           eight.
Catherine: Oh, I won't be able to make it 'til eight-thirty, I gotta
           change, okay?
  Frasier: Oh, no-no-no-no.  Don't ever change - I like you just the way
           you are. [everybody in the Cafe groans; to group:] Oh, come on,
           come on, I'm a little out of practice.
Catherine: I'll see you later, okay? 

[They kiss... a long kiss.  Long enough for Niles to see them through 
the window.] 

Catherine: Bye.

She exits, Niles enters.  He joins Frasier

  Niles: I'll dispense with the usual adolescent teasing and come straight
         to the point: who was that babe-o-rama?!
Frasier: Niles, please don't try to be hip.  You remind me of Bob Hope
         when he dresses up as the Fonz.
  Niles: [to waitress] Coffee.
Frasier: Her name is Catherine.
  Niles: So?  How long have you known her?
Frasier: Three days.
  Niles: Have you two, uh...?
Frasier: No.  As if it's any of your business.
  Niles: But you're, uh..?
Frasier: Well, yes.  Soon.
  Niles: [nods, then, unsure:] We are talking about...?
Frasier: Of course we are.
  Niles: [still unsure:] ...Sex, right?
Frasier: Yes!
  Niles: [his coffee arrives] Ooh, so-so-so... how did you two meet?
Frasier: Well, I mean, it was one of those funny things, she came down
         to the radio station to chew me out.
  Niles: [picks up sugar packet and starts shaking it] You're kidding.
Frasier: No.  A few days earlier her boyfriend had called into the show,
         and I advised him to break up with her.

The sugar goes everywhere as Niles gives an involuntary jerk.

  Niles: Frasier, Frasier, where are your ethics?  You can't date someone
         who's involved with one of your patients.
Frasier: Marco is not a patient, he's a caller.  There's a huge difference.
         Besides, I talked to him days before I met Catherine.
  Niles: Mmm, rationalization - the last refuge of the unsound argument.
Frasier: Oh, rationalization, is that what you're going pull now? 

They argue for a few moments. 

Frasier: Oh Niles, I am not rationalizing!  There is nothing wrong here.
  Niles: As long as your conscience is clear.  I'm not sure mine would
         be.
Frasier: Well frankly, I don't care about your conscience.  I don't need
         your approval, I don't need you to like it.  Frankly, I don't
         need you for anything. [gets ready to leave] By the way, Niles,
         my car's in the shop, I need you to give me a ride home tonight.
  Niles: No problem.

End Of Act One.

Act Two.

HE'S BAACK


Scene One: The radio station, Roz's booth. 
Frasier enters from corridor.

    Roz: Twenty seconds. And I've got news for you: Marco's on line two.
Frasier: [feigning ignorance] Marco?
    Roz: Oh, you know.  The guy you got out of the way so you could keep
         his girlfriend for yourself? [Frasier goes into the recording
         booth] Ten seconds.
Frasier: I'm not talking to him.  I don't want to talk to him.  There's
         no way I'm talking to him.
    Roz: Three, two...
Frasier: [on air] Hi, we're back.  Roz, whom do we have on the line?
    Roz: We have Marco on line two.
Frasier: Who's this on line three?
    Roz: Ooh, Todd. [disconnects line] Oh darn, we lost Todd. [Frasier
         is not amused] But lucky for you we still have Marco on line
         two.
Frasier: Thank you, Roz. [to caller] Hello, Marco.
  Marco: Hi, Dr. Crane.  I spoke to you the other day and I took your advice.
         I broke up with my girlfriend.
Frasier: Well, what can I say but, ah... Bravo, Marco!  Roz, who's our next
         caller?

We cut to Niles, driving in his car.  We can hear Marco through 
his radio.

Marco: [on radio:] Wait, wait-wait-wait.  You haven't heard my problem.  
       I think she's already dating someone else.  It really 
       makes me nuts.

Cut to studio:

Frasier: What makes you think she's seeing someone else?
  Marco: Well, the other night I couldn't get her on the phone.  So I
         drove by her house, and I saw her parked outside talking to
         some guy in a black BMW.
Frasier: Did you, ah... get a good look at the guy?
  Marco: No.  It was too dark.  I think I made a big mistake, Doc.  Do you
         think I should ask her to take me back?
Frasier: No!  What I mean is, ah... no.  Marco, you don't want your ex-
         girlfriend back, you just don't want anybody else to have her. 
         Isn't that true?
  Marco: Well, I...
Frasier: No, it's called jealousy, Marco.  Now you've got to stop spying
         on your ex-girlfriend and get on with your life.  Borrow a page
         from my book - ah, move to a new city, a new state.  Find out
         why everybody's talking about Pittsburgh! 

In his car, Niles is shocked. 

In the studio, Frasier hangs up on Marco. 

Frasier: We'll be right back after these messages. 

He goes to commercial, looks over and sees Roz glaring at him. 

Frasier: What?!

FADE TO:

HOW AM I DRIVING?


Scene Two: Niles's car. 
He has just picked up Frasier.

Frasier: Thanks for coming to get me, Niles.
  Niles: No problem, Frasier.  Just a few miles out of my way.  At rush
         hour.  But I didn't mind, really.  Gave me a chance to listen
         to your show. [looks pointedly at Frasier]
Frasier: I see.
  Niles: I just have one question for you: can you honestly tell me that
         the advice you gave Marco was based on his best interests and
         not on your own?
Frasier: Well, that's an interesting question, Niles.  And I'll tell you
         something.  I don't care.  I'm in love, and I don't care.  Catherine
         is mine now.  I'm in, and Marco's out.
  Niles: You're insane.
Frasier: Perhaps.  But you just ran a stop sign. [Niles slams on the brakes] 
         Now we're in the middle of the intersection. [car horns blare,
         Niles drives on] I'll tell you, Niles, I, ah... I haven't 
         Felt this way in ages.  There's an excitement about this.  
         I, I feel tingly.
  Niles: What's your stomach have to say about this?
Frasier: My stomach?
  Niles: I definitely know what I'm talking about.  Ever since you were 
         a child, if you even approached a breach of ethics you'd get
         queasy.  Actually, you'd get physically sick.
Frasier: Well, at least when it came to ethics I didn't get spontaneous
         nosebleeds.
  Niles: Remember the time we lifted that dollar bill from mom's change
         purse?  We left quite a gruesome trail back to the tree house
         that day.
Frasier: Ah, but you see, Niles, you've proved my point.  I'm not the
         least bit queasy, I'm fine.  My head, my heart, my gastrointestinal
         system, they're all shouting the same thing - It's okay! [looks
         around] Niles?  Niles, this is a new car?
  Niles: Yes, actually it is.  Patient of mine got me a huge break on
         a lease. [puts his finger to his nose] Frasier, do you have
         a handkerchief?

FADE TO:

THE OBLIGATORY SEX SCENE


Scene Three: Frasier's Apartment. 
He and Catherine have just finished their meal and are clearing up.

Catherine: Mmm. That was the most delicious salmon Marseilles I've ever
           tasted.
  Frasier: Well, maybe you should try my "salmon-chanted evening."
Catherine: Oh, no.  Tell me you didn't say that.
  Frasier: No, it was just the Laffite talking.  "Laffite don't fail me now."
Catherine: C'mon, stop, stop. 

Catherine gets up and follows him into the kitchen, where he is 
washing their plates in the sink.

Catherine: So, have you ever made love in the kitchen?
  Frasier: [he drops and smashes a plate in the sink] Well, the ah, 
           dishes are done.

They kiss, ending up on the floor.  From behind the cooktop we hear...

Catherine: Mmm, ah, ah...
  Frasier: Mmm, oh, ah... [then:] Aaugh! [he stands up]
Catherine: What was that?
  Frasier: I'm sorry.  I'm suddenly feeling a little queasy.  Maybe I'm 
           just not a kitchen person. 

He goes into the living room.  Catherine follows.

Catherine: Well ah, maybe you're just a little too warm, huh? [starts
           to unbutton his shirt] Yeah?
  Frasier: Well, yeah. 
Catherine: Oh, God...
  Frasier: Yeah, that's it.  You know, you look awfully warm too. 
Catherine: Oh, I am.
  Frasier: [unbuttons her blouse] Oh, my God.
Catherine: Yes, oh...

They embrace again, falling onto Martin's chair.  It starts to
vibrate. Frasier whacks it and it ceases.

  Frasier: I'm sorry.  Would you... would you mind if we, if we moved to
           the sofa?  I'm not going to be out-performed by a Barcalounger.
Catherine: No. [they move, Frasier carrying Catherine]
  Frasier: Oh, this is good.
Catherine: Yes, it is.
  Frasier: This is better
Catherine: Oh...

They get down to it again, until inevitably...

  Frasier: Eee-ugh!
Catherine: What?!  Was I kneeling on you?
  Frasier: Really, maybe I need some fresh air. [moves to balcony]
           Are you okay?
Catherine: Oh, I'm fine, I'm fine.
  Frasier: Oh damn, it wasn't the fish!
Catherine: You know there's a bug going round.
  Frasier: It's not a bug. 
Catherine: Well what is it, then?
  Frasier: It's us.  Every time we touch and kiss I get queasy.
Catherine: What are you telling me?  That the thought of making love to
           me makes you sick to your stomach?
  Frasier: Yes, but don't take it personally! 
Catherine: [sarcastic] Well, why would I?
  Frasier: It's, it's not you.  Ah, it's, it's me.  Every time I come 
           close to breaching my ethics, I-I end up getting sick.
Catherine: What are you talking about?
  Frasier: Marco called into the show today and... he said he was 
           thinking of getting back with you and I told him not to. 
Catherine: So?
  Frasier: Well, I just have a feeling that... maybe I told him that not
           because it was good for him, but because it was good for me.
Catherine: Oh, Frasier, who cares? [kisses him]
  Frasier: Well, I do.  I care.  You know?  Look, any psychiatrist worth 
           his salt would care.  That's why we don't get involved with our 
           patients.  Or their girlfriends.
Catherine: Are you, are you saying you want to break up with me?
  Frasier: No, I don't want to.  I have to.  If I don't, I'll throw up 
           all over your shoes.
Catherine: I can't believe this is happening.  God, how can this be so
           easy for you?
  Frasier: Easy?!  This is killing me!  You think I don't want to pick you
           up right now, carry you over to that Eames classic and show you
           why it's the best-engineered chair in the world?!
Catherine: Well, why don't you then?
  Frasier: I told you, I can't.
Catherine: Oh!  And nothing I can say will change your mind?
  Frasier: I'm sorry.
Catherine: Well thank you, Dr. Crane!  First you screw things up with
           Marco, and now you're dumping me?  God!  And to think I was 
           going to have sex with you. [twisting the knife] And it was 
           going to be hot.  Oh, like you've never had before.  I'm 
           talking raw, steamy, sweat-dripping-down-your-back, neighbors-
           pounding-on-the-wall, ILLEGAL-IN-FORTY-EIGHT-STATES-KIND-OF-SEX!  
           But, hey!  You're okay, you won't be alone tonight.  No, you've 
           got your ETHICS! 

She picks up her coat and goes to the door. 

Catherine: Oh, by the way... the fish was dry. [exits]   
  Frasier: Oh, that was a cheap shot! 

He goes and sits on his Eames.  Eddie joins him. 

Frasier: How I envy you, Eddie.  The biggest questions you face are 
         "who's going to walk me?"  "Who's going to feed me?"  I won't 
         know that kind of joy for another forty years.

End Of Act Two.

Credits: 

A series of snapshots from the Christmas card shoot.

ACT ONE

Scene One - KACL Radio Station. 
Frasier is on line with Roger.

  Roger: [v.o.] Well, I had a really good year.  I decided hey, why not 
         reward myself?  So I bought what I really wanted - a forty-
         eight foot cabin cruiser.  Want to know how much it cost me?  
         I'll tell you how much it cost me: three hundred grand, not to 
         mention the twenty thou for the custom teak decking.  Now,  
         here's my problem: the wife wants to call this incredible 
         vessel Lulubelle, after her mother.  Lulubelle!  So I say, 
         "no, we call it the Intrepid."  So what do you think it should 
         be called?  Lulubelle or the Intrepid?
Frasier: [after a beat] Roger, at Cornell University they have an 
         incredible piece of scientific equipment known as the tunneling  
         electron microscope.  Now, this microscope is so powerful that 
         by firing electrons you can actually see images of the atom, 
         the infinitesimally minute building blocks of our universe.  
         Roger, if I were using that microscope right now... I still 
         wouldn't be able to locate my interest in your problem.  Thank 
         you for your call. 

Roz enters and hands him a piece of paper. 

Frasier: And now, [reading] "Hungry for Chinese tonight?  I always"... 
         Uh, I'm sorry, I just - we're experiencing technical 
         difficulties.  Let's go to a pre-recorded commercial message. 

He goes off the air and steps into Roz's booth.] 

Frasier: Roz, why did you hand me this copy?  I don't do personal 
         endorsements.
    Roz: What is the big deal?  All the other personalities do them. 
Frasier: The other personalities aren't doctors.  If I allow myself to
         become a common pitchman, I lose all my credibility.  I am a 
         wise man, a shaman.
    Roz: Zip up your fly, wise man.

As he does so, Bulldog walks in.

Bulldog: Whoa, Doc!  This is a radio studio, not a bus terminal.
Frasier: Look who's here, Roz.  Noel Coward.
    Roz: Listen Bulldog, I hate to mix business with revulsion, 
         but Frasier, as usual, will not do this promo...
Bulldog: Love to. [snatches copy from Roz]
    Roz: Great.  I need it done now.
Bulldog: No problem.  Doc, doc, with all due respect, you're an idiot.
         These promos are easy money.
Frasier: The money is irrelevant.  It's a question of integrity.
Bulldog: Integrity? [raps on Frasier's forehead] Hello?  We're talking
         mucho dinero.  But hey, the more you turn these down, the more
         liver snacks for the Bulldog. [goes into recording booth]
Frasier: [reading a piece of paper from Roz's desk] What is this with
         my name on it here, Roz?
    Roz: Oh, that's the contract for the "Hunan Palace" gig.  It's how
         much they were going to pay you.
Frasier: Wow.
    Roz: I guess I need to have them change the name on here to 
         Bulldog's.
Frasier: They pay you that much money just to read some copy?
    Roz: Yeah.  Of course, Bulldog usually adds his own special touch.

Bulldog bangs his little gong, then reads the copy over the air, 
with a BAD, stereotypical Chinese accent.

Bulldog: Aww, so you come chop-chop to "Hoo-nan Parace," where Pekin' 
         duck is awrays extla clispy!

He emphasizes "clispy duck" by crinkling a sheet of cellophane into 
the mike, and then blowing a duck call.  As Frasier and Roz stare in 
disgust, he raises his arms proudly.

    Roz: [to Frasier] We're gonna get sued this time, for sure.

FADE OUT

WOULD YOU BUY AN
EGGROLL FROM THIS MAN?


Scene Two - Frasier's Apartment. 
Martin and Daphne are sorting out some photos.  Frasier enters.

Frasier: Damn it! I just put a dent in my front bumper when I pulled 
         into my parking space.  Does anybody know what happened to 
         that tennis ball I hung over my space so I wouldn't pull up 
         too far?

On cue, Eddie pads up to Frasier and drops the ball at his feet,
so it can be thrown again.

 Martin: He was bored, he needed a toy.  Hey, go ahead and throw it, 
         he'll run and get it for you. 

Frasier picks up the ball, goes to the balcony and throws it over 
the edge, inviting Eddie to fetch.

 Martin: He didn't think that was funny, and he knows where you sleep.
Frasier: Dad, Daphne, a situation has arisen over at work and uh, I'm
         not sure how it should be handled.  I was hoping maybe your
         objective viewpoint could uh, be helpful.
 Martin: Sure, shoot.
Frasier: Well, what would you think if I did a commercial and publicly
         endorsed a product?
 Daphne: Oh, you mean like Cher does?
Frasier: Thank you Daphne, one against.  Dad?
 Martin: What's the product?
Frasier: Well, the station wanted me to do a commercial for a Chinese
         restaurant.
 Martin: Well, what's the problem?
Frasier: Well, I hold a position of trust in this community, and people
         do what I tell them to, and I would hate to be accused of 
         abusing that position.  The thought of a doctor selling things 
         is kind of distasteful, don't you think?
 Daphne: What about Dr. Sneezy's cold medicine?
Frasier: Dr. Sneezy is a cartoon character.  The fact that he's a giant
         purple hippopotamus should have probably tipped you off.
 Martin: I say take the money and run.
Frasier: Well, you know, I'm tempted, if for no other reason than to 
         keep Bulldog from further alienating the Asian-American 
         community.  I just want to make sure I don't compromise my 
         principles.
 Daphne: Dr. Crane, you've dedicated your live to helping people, 
         haven't you?
Frasier: Well, yes.
 Daphne: Well, suppose one of your listeners was in a quandary over 
         where to buy good Chinese food?  Wouldn't your commercial be 
         helping them?
 Martin: Look, why don't you just go down there?  If you like the food
         do the commercial, if you don't, don't.
Frasier: I suppose that's the logical approach.  Why don't the three of
         us go tonight?  I'll make a call.  Oh, I'd better make the
         reservations under a different name, I don't want any special
         treatment, you know. [dials] I want them - I just want to be
         treated like an average working Joe. [into phone] Good 
         evening... Yes... yes, we'd like a reservation for three this 
         evening at eight.  Oh, nothing 'til ten?  Oh, well then, ah,  
         this is Dr. Frasier Crane... from the radio, and ah... Yes, I 
         thought you might.  Thank you. [hangs up] We're in at 9:45.

FADE TO: 

Scene Three - The radio station. 
Frasier is finishing off his commercial.

Frasier: Did I say tasty?  Tasty doesn't do justice to those succulent
         pot-stickers.  And the kung pao chicken - ooh, don't get me 
         started.  "So if you've got a yen for Chinese tonight, hurry 
         on down to the Hunan Palace."  Well, that's it for today.  
         This is Dr. Frasier Crane hoping we'll see you tomorrow, on 
         KACL 780 AM. 

He goes off the air.  Roz enters the recording booth. 

Frasier: You know Roz, I think I'm getting the knack for doing these 
         promos.  Did you hear that little ad-lib I did about the "yen" 
         for Chinese food?
    Roz: Yeah.  By the way, "yen" is Japanese, not Chinese.
Frasier: Well... Did I tell you, I got a call from the owners of the
         Hunan Palace the other day, they said that since I started
         doing these commercials their business had gone up by 30 
         percent.
    Roz: Well, isn't that what advertising is supposed to do?
Frasier: Yes it is, Miss Sour-Britches, give me a little credit.  My 
         God, I've pleased the boys upstairs, I've gotten perfect 
         strangers to try a new restaurant, and most importantly, I've 
         helped a struggling immigrant family who came to these shores 
         a mere twelve years ago, with nothing more than a dream, a few 
         recipes, and a wok.

Frasier exits into corridor to find a woman (Bebe) waiting for him.

   Bebe: Dr. Crane?  What a privilege this is.
Frasier: Excuse me?
   Bebe: Bebe Glaser.  I'm Bulldog Briscoe's agent.
Frasier: Ah.  Ah, well.  Pleasure meeting you.
   Bebe: Listen.  I'm not usually this forward, but I'm going to come 
         right out and say it.  I've done some research and I know 
         you're not represented by anyone, how would you feel about 
         signing on with me as a client?  If your answer is no, it 
         won't hurt my feelings.
Frasier: Well, I really don't think so.
   Bebe: [sorrowfully] Why?
Frasier: It's not that I'm not flattered, Miss Glaser, but umm... you 
         see, I'm not really a radio personality per se.
   Bebe: Oh come on, Dr. Crane, I've heard those spots you've done for
         that Chinese restaurant, you make me want to stuff my face 
         full of egg rolls and... I don't know what.
Frasier: Thank you.  Uh... but I, you see, I dine at the Hunan Palace
         frequently, and uh, that's the only reason I did those 
         commercials.
   Bebe: The last thing I would ever want you to do is to advertise
         something you don't believe in.  I am an agent, not a pimp.
Frasier: Well, I don't mean to offend...
   Bebe: Are you kidding?  You're terrific, you can't offend me.  Let 
         me just leave you with my card.
Frasier: Well, I really don't think that's necessary.
   Bebe: [snatches card back] Give me back my card.  I will not let you
         call me.  It is too refreshing to meet someone who isn't 
         seduced by the almighty dollar.  I would refuse your call. 
         [checks watch] Ah, I've got to go.  Flying to Palo Alto, my 
         daughter's at Stanford. [starts to leave] Ah, wait.  You don't 
         have kids, do you?
Frasier: Well yes, I have a five year-old son.
   Bebe: Lucky you, you won't have to worry about it for years. [starts
         to leave again]
Frasier: Worry about what?
   Bebe: [returns] Tuition, innocent.  Oh wait, I see.  You're going to 
         send him to a state college.
Frasier: Well no, no.  I plan to send him to my alma mater, Harvard.
   Bebe: Ouch!  Kiss it and make it better.  Have you seen Business 
         Week's projection for college costs in the year 2010? [gives 
         a small, high pitched squeal] Oh!  I've got to go, that plane 
         is not going to wait for little Bebe. [walks off again]
Frasier: Well, you know, maybe we should talk, sometime.
   Bebe: Let's talk now. [comes back] I think I can die peacefully
         without seeing the first half of the Stanford-Cal game. 
         [they walk off arm in arm]
Frasier: You see, it's not that I object to doing commercials, it's 
         just that I would have to try a product first before I could 
         endorse it.
   Bebe: Dr. Crane, I wouldn't have it any other way.

FADE TO:

THAT BETTER BE YOUR FOOT


Scene Four - A bathroom showroom. 
Frasier, Daphne and Martin are in swimming costumes, sitting in a 
Jacuzzi.

 Martin: Tell me again why I'm here?
Frasier: Because if I do the commercial I have to say that my friends
         and family enjoy this, and I won't say it unless it's true.
 Daphne: I feel kind of silly sitting here in the showroom.
Frasier: Well I apologize for that, but it's the best place to try one.
         So, tell me the truth.  Aren't you two enjoying this?
 Daphne: Well, I do like the bubbles.  It's a little like sitting in 
         hot champagne.  Not that I've done that very much.
Frasier: Dad, did you know that this unit is made from the same heat
         resistant space-age polymer that's used on the NASA space
         shuttles?
 Martin: Great.  Next time I'm re-entering the earth's atmosphere in a
         hot tub I won't have to worry.
Frasier: Well?  Do you like it?
 Martin: ...I have to admit, it's making my hip feel a little better.
Frasier: That's all I needed to hear.  My friends like it, my family 
         likes it - I like it.  I can do the commercial and Frederick 
         can go to Harvard. [a man walks into the showroom] Oh my god!  
         Isn't that Dave Hendler from our building?  You know, he's the 
         head of the Seattle Psychiatric Association. 

He takes a big breath and ducks under the water

 Daphne: That's not Dave Hendler.
 Martin: Shh, don't worry about it.  Enjoy the quiet while you can.

END OF ACT ONE

ACT TWO

780 AM ON YOUR RADIO DIAL


Scene Five - Frasier's Apartment. 
Frasier, Daphne and Martin are listening to a recording of his advert.

 Advert: ...soothing bubbles, bubbles that will ease your aching body.
         This is Dr. Frasier Crane.  In these pressure-packed times, 
         what could be better that a warm, relaxing dip in a Renwood 
         hot tub?  Let Renwood's patented Ultra-Blow air system 
         surround your body.  My family and friends like it...
 Daphne: [to Martin] That's us.
 Advert: ...and you'll like it too.  And if you act quickly, you'll 
         receive a complimentary scum guard.  So hurry down to your 
         Redwood Hot-tub dealer.  Say Frasier Crane sent you.
Frasier: [turns off recording] Well?  What do you think?
 Daphne: I could almost smell the chlorine.
Frasier: Dad?  How about you?
 Martin: [leaving] I liked it.
Frasier: Really?
 Martin: Yeah.  I liked it.
Frasier: You really, really like it?
 Martin: No, I liked it.
Frasier: Well, what was wrong with it?
 Martin: Nothing.
Frasier: You hated it, didn't you?
 Martin: Yeah.  Goodnight, Frasier. [exits]

The doorbell rings, Frasier answers it. It's Bebe.

   Bebe: Hello, darling. [enters]
Frasier: Bebe.
   Bebe: First off, mea culpa for dropping by unannounced, but you are
         going to kiss me when you hear what I've done for you. 

She notices Daphne and jumps to the wrong conclusion. 

Frasier: Oh... hello.
 Daphne: Hi.
Frasier: Oh, no no no no no.  Bebe, this is Daphne Moon, my father's
         physical therapist. [Bebe laughs, as if to say "the very 
         idea."] Well, I believe I was about to kiss you for something.
   Bebe: Well, today I got a very attractive offer for you to be a 
         product spokesman, and we know they're serious because it's 
         pay or play.
Frasier: Ooh... [he says to cover his bafflement]
 Daphne: That's the best kind.  You get your money whether you do it or
         not.
   Bebe: Well, listen to this one.
Frasier: How do you know that?
 Daphne: Well, I must confess, there is a chapter of my life I haven't
         told you or your father about.  Back when I was twelve, I 
         starred in a television show in England.  Well, I'll leave you 
         to your business. [makes to escape]
Frasier: Daphne, Daphne, just get back here.  You what?
 Daphne: I starred in a TV series.  It was quite popular in its day,
         maybe you've heard of it?  "Mind Your Knickers"?  It was about
         a group of high-spirited, ethnically diverse twelve-year-olds
         in a girls' private boarding school.  I played Emma, the 
         short, spunky one.  Of course, by the end of the series, I was 
         sixteen, five foot ten, and they had me boozies bound up 
         tighter than a mummy.  Well, I'm off. [leaves]
Frasier: The woman is like an artichoke.  You just peel away one 
         astounding leaf after another.  Well anyway, back to business.  
         What have you got for me?
   Bebe: [producing tin of nuts] Voila.  Emery's Nuts.
Frasier: Oh, dear.  Oh, I can't endorse these.
   Bebe: Why not?
Frasier: Well, for one thing I don't like them, and they're sixty 
         percent fat, they're laced with salt and they wreak havoc with 
         my diverticulitis.
   Bebe: Of course they do, they're nuts.
Frasier: I'm sorry, I'm afraid I can't.
   Bebe: Well... then I will just tell them they can take their five 
         figure deal and find someone else.
Frasier: Five figures?
   Bebe: Didn't I mention, precious?  This is for television, the big 
         kahuna.
Frasier: Television?
   Bebe: Well, I understand if you have a problem.
Frasier: Well I-I... I don't mean to be difficult, I do have my 
         standards, you know?  I only endorse things that I like or... 
         or I think are therapeutic, like the hot-tub.
   Bebe: Let me pinch you, you're not real! 
Frasier: Well...
   Bebe: But still, I... I wonder if you're not being the tiniest bit 
         shortsighted.  Research has shown that a single television 
         commercial can turn an obscure radio personality into a 
         national celebrity... a year from now, someone like you could 
         be broadcasting your message of hope and healing not just to 
         the Pacific Northwest, but to the entire nation.  But of 
         course, there's not much I can [opening tin] do about it if 
         you [slides tin over to Frasier] don't like the product.

Frasier slowly picks up the tin and forces himself to eat a nut.

FADE TO:

THE BIG KAHUNA


Scene Six - Television studio. 
Frasier is sitting in front of the makeup mirror with Bebe. 
He has two paper tissues round his neck, to protect his collar.

Frasier: I've never been one hundred percent happy with my nose.
   Bebe: You can't be serious.  That's a nose people trust. 

A member of the crew comes over and hands her a piece of paper. 

   Bebe: Finally, a script.  Thanks, Jeff. [hands it to Frasier] Seen 
         it already, you're going to love it.
Frasier: [reading] "Two nuts are arguing with each other."  That's
         cute. "�I'm a nut.' �No, I'm a nut!'" Ha, that's funny.  Ah...
         "�Hold it, you're both nuts.  I'm Dr. Frasier Crane, noted 
         psychiatrist, and I know a nut when I see one.'"  Hmm, I 
         just, I don't know abut that line.
   Bebe: Oh, what's wrong?  It's a scream.
Frasier: Yes, but it... it may be a scream, but it, it's... what's the 
         word I'm looking for?
   Bebe: What?  "Tuition?!"  "Retirement beach house?!" [calms down] 
         I'm so sorry.  I'm so sorry, it's just that I want so much for 
         you.
Frasier: Bebe, I don't want to get a reputation for being difficult, 
         but I... I'm just not comfortable with this line. 
   Bebe: Frasier?  Frasier, Frasier.  How long have we been together?
Frasier: Six days.
   Bebe: Do you think I would ever have you do something that you were
         uncomfortable with?  What makes this so wonderful is that 
         you're spoofing yourself, you're showing that psychiatrists 
         can be loose, you're making shrinks more accessible to the 
         average person.
Frasier: So what you're saying is that I would be doing psychiatry a
         service by doing this commercial?
   Bebe: You have a way of cutting through the baloney that knocks me 
         out cold.
Frasier: [reading] Oh, dear.  What does this mean?  "Frasier comes out 
         of his shell."

Bebe notices two stagehands pulling on set a giant monkey nut,
and swivels Frasier's chair round so he can't see it, B.S.-ing
as she does so.

   Bebe: It is a... technical term.  It's a light... a lighting thing. 
         You, you see, you come out of your shadow, or your shell, into 
         the light.
Frasier: [in awe] I have so much to learn about this business.

FADE TO:

KNEES TOGETHER, LIPS APART


Scene Seven - Cafe Nervosa. 
Niles is sitting at a table when Frasier rushes in.  He still has the 
tissues around his neck.

Frasier: Oh Niles, Niles, thanks for meeting me, I have to talk to you
         about something.
  Niles: Why do you have that ridiculous tissue around your neck?
Frasier: Well, they didn't tell me I could take it off, so I kept it 
         on.
  Niles: Oh, silly me.  Here I thought it was just a means to attract
         attention, to have people come up to you and say, "Are you an
         actor?" thus affording you the opportunity to say yes, you are
         indeed an actor, and then proceed to crow, gloat and strut in
         a way you could not otherwise do.
Frasier: And the reason you have "SHRINK" on your license plate would
         be...?  Niles, listen.  I've got to do this commercial in half 
         an hour and... I just don't think I can go through with it, 
         I'm afraid that I'm compromising my integrity as a 
         psychiatrist.
  Niles: Why do you feel like that?
Frasier: Well, for one thing my co-stars are dressed up as an almond 
         and a walnut.  Now listen Niles, I've... I need your guidance. 
  Niles: Frasier, I don't see this as a problem.
Frasier: You don't think this is the selling out of Frasier Crane?
  Niles: Oh, certainly not.  You sold out a long time ago.  You know, 
         the moment you agreed to do that call-in show, you sold out.
Frasier: Oh, Niles.  You are such a purist.  Granted, I can't do the 
         kind of in-depth analysis one can with a single patient, but 
         my show helps literally thousands of people a day.
  Niles: Let's face it, Frasier, you talk about wanting to safeguard 
         your professional dignity, but the first time you went on the 
         air, you got out of medicine and into showbiz.  You're no 
         different from that movie star who let everybody look up her 
         skirt in that film, and then did nothing but complain that 
         nobody took her seriously as an actress.
Frasier: Well, that has nothing to do with this!
  Niles: Have you seen that movie?  Maris and I rented the video and, 
         I don't mind telling you, we pushed our beds together that 
         night! [pause] And that was no mean feat.  Her room, as you 
         know, is across the hall.
Frasier: Niles, will you just tell me, would you do it?
  Niles: A nude scene?  I suppose if it were integral to the plot...
Frasier: Not a nude scene!  Would you do this commercial?
  Niles: Oh, certainly not, I'm a respected psychiatrist. [looks at 
         watch, then stands] 
Frasier: So what you're saying is that I shouldn't do it.
  Niles: No, no no no.  I'm saying it doesn't matter.  Let's face it,  
         Frasier - they've already looked up your skirt and they've 
         seen everything there is to see.

Niles exits.  Frasier sits with his knees tightly together.

FADE TO:

FRASIER CRANE TO BLOCK


Scene Eight - Frasier's Apartment. 
It's nighttime, and Frasier is sitting on the couch, watching a video 
of the commercial.  Martin enters.

 Martin: What are you still doing up? [sees Frasier rewinding the 
         video] Oh geez, you're not watching the tape of that dumb 
         commercial again!
Frasier: I can't get it off my mind.  Did I do the right thing? 
 Martin: Of course you did.  Freddie's gonna thank you for it.
Frasier: Here, watch it with me one more time.

He starts the video.  The commercial consists of two nuts arguing
until the monkey nut opens up, revealing... Dr. Joyce Brothers.

 Advert: Stop!  You're both nuts!  I'm noted psychologist Dr. Joyce 
         Brothers and I'm here to tell you that I'm just crazy about 
         Emery's Nuts.  So if you're crazy about nuts too, pick up a 
         can of Emery's today.  Emery's - the nut lover's nut.
Frasier: [switching off video] I suppose you're right, dad.  Freddie
         will thank me.  Dr. Joyce is his favorite psychologist.
 Martin: You know, Dr. Joyce is pretty good.  I remember her from 
         "Hollywood Squares."  She was always under Charlie Weaver. 

As they head for bed:

Frasier: No, no.  Charlie Weaver was always on the bottom.
 Martin: No, I don't think so.  Let's see, Paul Lynn was in the middle,
         George Goldblum was under him, and... where was Wally Cox?
Frasier: Wally Cox.  Uh, upper left, next to Rosemarie Dubarr.
 Martin: Oh, right...

END OF ACT TWO

Credits: 

The Jacuzzi showroom: 
Daphne and Martin are peacefully relaxing in the water.  This 
tranquil scene is interrupted after 20 seconds when Frasier 
comes to the surface, gasping for air.

Act One.

HEARD IT THROUGH THE GRAPEVINE


Scene A: Café Nervosa. 
Frasier and Niles are there.

  Niles: So I just had to get out of the house.  Maris's Junior League
         are rehearsing their spring musical - this year they're doing
         "Cats."  The past week and a half I've been watching two dozen
         underweight, tightly-pulled woman in leotards crawling round
         the music room, meowing.  I'm telling you Frasier, my allergies
         are acting up. 
Frasier: Oh Niles, I think you're exaggerating.
  Niles: No.  No, really.  You've no idea how vivid the experience is. 
         As God is my judge, I swear, Mrs. Presley-Bismouth was scent-
         marking the divan.
Frasier: God, you'd think women of that age would choose more suitable
         material.  Remember the last show they did, "The Sound Of 
         Music"?  My God, half the Von Trapp children were having hot 
         flashes.

Roz enters with "Chopper" Dave and Teddy, a technician.

    Roz: Hi, Frasier, Niles.
  Niles: Let me guess.  The wacky gang from the office?
Frasier: [making introductions] Everyone, this is my brother Niles. 
         This is Teddy, one of our brilliant engineers..
  Teddy: [shaking hands] Niles.
  Niles: Teddy, my man!
Frasier: This is KACL's inimitable "Chopper" Dave.  Your Eye in the Sky
         for traffic.
   Dave: [loudly] NICE TO MEET YOU, NILES!
  Niles: [to Frasier] Why is this man yelling?
   Dave: Oh, was I yelling?  Oh god, I was yelling again, wasn't I?  
         I'm sorry, talking over the blades, you know?  Whoomp-
         whoomp-whoomp-whoomp-whoomp-whoomp...
  Niles: This has been kind of fun, ah, but I really have to go.  I'm
         conducting a seminar on multiple personality disorders, and it
         takes me forever to fill out the name tags. [leaves]
Frasier: Well, KACL team, what is on the agenda for today?
    Roz: Sit down and listen to this.  I got a juicy piece of news, 
         and it's reliable.  Alan in Accounting got it from Steven 
         in Promotions, who got it from Cindy in Retail Sales, who 
         got it from Arlene, the station manager's secretary - that 
         the station is definitely way over budget, and somebody's 
         getting the ax.  But don't tell anybody, I was sworn to 
         secrecy.
Frasier: Roz, I'm ashamed of you!  Gossip, gossip, gossip.  Don't you  
         know how destructive that can be?  It does nothing but sully 
         good people's names and create an atmosphere of suspicion and 
         mistrust.
    Roz: Oh, lighten up.  Gossip is the lifeblood of the corporate 
         world.  If it wasn't for gossip, we wouldn't know any of the 
         important things, like how much everybody makes.
Frasier: You know my salary?
   Dave: NO-ONE'S SALARY'S A SECRET AROUND HERE.

Bulldog enters, squeezing a pair of handgrips.

Bulldog: Ninety-four, ninety-five, ninety-six, ninety-seven...
  Teddy: Hey, Bulldog.  How's it going?
Bulldog: Great — ninety-eight, ninety-nine, one hundred! - new high for 
         me.
    Roz: Squeezing or counting?
Bulldog: [barks at Roz, then goes to counter] Java to go.
   Dave: YOU KNOW WHO I THINK'S GETTING DUMPED?  FATHER MIKE FROM 
         "RELIGION ON THE LINE."
    Roz: No way.  Station loves him.  Just gave him a big bonus.

Bulldog, still at the counter, starts going through his pockets.

Bulldog: Hey, where's my tickets to the Sonics game?  They were here 
         just a second ago. [hits the counter] SOMEBODY STOLE MY 
         TICKETS TO THE SONICS GAME!  THIS STINKS!  THIS IS TOTAL B.S!  
         THIS IS... [checks another pocket] oh, got 'em.  Got 'em.
    Roz: Hey.  You guys don't think it's Bulldog who's getting canned?
  Teddy: Could be.
Frasier: Oh, no no no no.  He's the station's highest-rated personality.  
         I mean, with the exception of women thirty-five to fifty-four 
         who happen to think that I'm... sort of a god.
  Teddy: But he has been in that salary beef with management.
    Roz: And I heard him screaming at business affairs for putting his
         expense account on hold.
   Dave: OH YEAH, BULLDOG'S OUT! 

The others motion him to keep quiet as Bulldog walks past.

Bulldog: Hey.  Have you heard about my new gimmick for the show?  If 
         the Seahawks beat Buffalo this Sunday, I promise to do my 
         entire show hanging by my feet.
Frasier: You can do that?
Bulldog: Oh, sure.  Practiced all morning.  The real trick is drinking 
         coffee.  I keep burning my eyes.  Hey, Dave.  Want my tickets 
         to the Sonics Game tonight?
   Dave: [takes them] THANKS!  WHY AREN'T YOU GOING?
Bulldog: Ah, station manager wants to see me after work. 

He leaves.

Teddy/Dave/Roz: Ooh...
Frasier: Oh people, people.  You're jumping to conclusions.  Show a 
         little respect.  Bulldog has devoted fifteen years of his life 
         to radio.  My own personal feelings aside, the man deserves 
         better than to become the object of some scurrilous rumor that 
         as yet hasn't a shred of truth to it.
    Roz: Yeah.  I suppose you're right.
Frasier: Yes, well... just in case, I've got dibs on his parking space.
         [leaves]

FADE OUT

DID I DO THAT?


Scene B: Radio Station.
Frasier is doing his show.

     Roz: Dr. Crane, we have Don on his car phone.  He's having a 
          problem with his weight.
 Frasier: Don, it's a common problem.  I'm listening.
     Don: [v.o.] Ah, it's the screwiest thing, Doc.  I eat healthy, 
          I work out.  But no matter what I do, I can't lose a pound, 
          it's very depressing.
 Frasier: Yes, well, losing weight can be a lifelong struggle.  It 
          takes a commitment.  Now, if you're ready to accept that, 
          there are a number of things I can suggest...
Waitress: [v.o., in background] May I take your order, please?
 Frasier: Uh Don, what was that?
     Don: Ah — oh, nothing.  It was the radio.  Go ahead, you were 
          talking.
 Frasier: Don...?  Where are you?
     Don: I'm just driving around.
Waitress: [v.o.] Hey, speak into the clown's mouth!
 Frasier: Don...?
     Don: Sorry, Dr. Crane. [imitates static] I'm going to lose you. 
          I'm going into a tunnel.  Goodbye! [hangs up]
 Frasier: Yes, and the light at the end of that tunnel is a heat lamp
          over a large order of fries.  We'll be right back after the 
          news.

He goes off the air.

    Roz: Hey Frasier, I've got to run up to payroll, be back in five.
Frasier: Okay. 

He steps into the corridor, where he meets Father Mike at the candy 
machine.

Frasier: Oh, hi Father Mike.
   Mike: Oh, hello Frasier.
Frasier: How you doing?
   Mike: Say, I just heard a rumor that somebody 'round here is being
         let go.  Do you know anything about that, because to tell you
         the truth, I'm afraid it might be me.
Frasier: Oh Father, Father.  You should better than to put any stock in
         idle office gossip.
   Mike: I know, I know.  But it's hard not to.  My numbers have been 
         down lately, they keep changing my timeslot.  I'm really 
         bummed!
Frasier: Well, listen Father.  I don't like to engage in gossip, but 
         you have nothing to worry about.
   Mike: Yes?  Why?
Frasier: Well, someone is being let go...
   Mike: Oh?
Frasier: But ah, it's not you.  It's Bulldog.
   Mike: Bulldog? Oh, what a shame.
Frasier: Yes.
   Mike: Has anybody spoken for his parking space?
Frasier: Well I have, yes.

Frasier goes back into the booth to find that Bulldog has been
standing behind the door, and has heard every word.

Bulldog: So I'm a goner, huh?
Frasier: Bulldog.  Well, how long have you been...?
Bulldog: Long enough to know I'm the one who's out. [starts banging 
         head on table] I knew it, I knew it, I knew it!  Damn it!  
         Now I know why Ned Miller wants to see me after work.  It's 
         to can my butt.  I mean, why else would he be willing to miss 
         happy hour at El Paquito's?  The man's a total boozer!
Frasier: Now, now now now now, Bulldog listen, this is just a rumor.
         You know how out of the loop I am. 
Bulldog: Oh, yeah.  And after all I've done for this lousy station, 
         this is how they repay me?  Well, that's it!  Nobody fires Bob 
         Briscoe!  I'll quit first.
Frasier: Now, now now.  Don't do anything rash.  Now listen, I suggest
         you try to vent your anger first. 

Bulldog grabs the mike and rips it in two.

Frasier: Well... there, way to go.  Now, on your way.
Bulldog: You're damn right. [he leaves, as Roz returns]
    Roz: Hey, Bulldog.
Bulldog: No time to talk, slim, I'm off to war!

He exits, then dashes back in, grabs Roz, and gives her a deep kiss.
Before she can resist, he lets her go.

Bulldog: Wait for me.

He dashes out.

    Roz: Oh! [to Frasier] What was that?
Frasier: Bulldog's quitting.
    Roz: Why?
Frasier: Well, because Ned Miller is firing him.
    Roz: Who told you that?
Frasier: You did.
    Roz: That was just a rumor... You didn't tell him that, did you?!
Frasier: I didn't mean to, he overheard me.
    Roz: Oh, God!
Frasier: What?  Come on, you guys were so positive - the expense 
         account thing, the meeting with management at five?
    Roz: That meeting was to discuss taking his show national!  Don't
         you know anything that goes on around here?!
Frasier: Apparently not!
    Roz: Well, don't just stand there.  Go call his secretary, she'll 
         stop him before he gets in.
Frasier: I don't believe this, this is incredible, [on phone] Yes, 
         hello, hello Arlene?  Arlene, yes, listen.  Bob Briscoe's 
         about to jump into the office and... oh. [replaces phone] 
         God, he's already burst into the office with Miller.  Oh god, 
         this is a disaster.
    Roz: Maybe not, maybe not.  Maybe before Bulldog starts anything 
         Miller will tell him what the meeting was really about.
Frasier: Well I, I suppose you're right.  For all we know they may be
         having a good laugh about this right now.

Cut to station manager's point of view (shown through a fish-eye
camera lens).  Bulldog is in his face, telling him off.  But instead 
of words, we hear dog-like barking and snarling.

Cut back to the booth.

    Roz: Grab that mike. We're out of the news in one minute.

Bulldog returns.

Bulldog: I did it!  I scorched him! [laughs maniacally] You should have
         seen the look on his face.  Oh, I even told him about the time
         his wife came on to me at the Christmas party.  I said there
         wasn't enough liquor in the world to make me sleep with that
         porker!
Frasier: You said that to Ned Miller?
Bulldog: Yes!  Yeah, he even took a swing at me.  I gave him a little 
         okey-doke and he hit air!
Frasier: My god, the man tried to strike you?  Listen, Bulldog...
Bulldog: Hey, hey!  No sudden moves, doc.  I'm still too pumped.  
         I feel like poppin' someone. [he leaves]
Frasier: My god, my god, this is unbelievable. [to Roz] A man has quit
         his job just because of a rumor that you spread!
    Roz: Me?!  The whole point of gossip is to talk behind the person's
         back, not in front of him.  I didn't realize you were unclear 
         on this concept!
Frasier: I'm a bad, bad man. [hangs head in shame]
    Roz: Well Frasier, you have got to do something.  You gotta call 
         Ned Miller and get this whole thing cleared up.
Frasier: Oh, right.  "Call Ned Miller, clear this thing up."  The man           
         is totally unstable, he tried to take a swing at me the day he
         hired me.

Chopper Dave comes in, shouting as usual.

   Dave: OOH, JUST HEARD A HOT RUMOUR!  BULLDOG QUIT!
Frasier: No kidding.
   Dave: BUT KEEP IT UNDER YOUR HAT!  VERY HUSH-HUSH! [leaves]

End of Act One.

Act Two.

ONE DOG NIGHT


Scene C: Frasier's Apartment. 
Martin opens the door for Niles. 

 Martin: Niles, what brings you here?
  Niles: [carrying a dead plant] Well, I was hoping Daphne could take a
         look at this plant.  I bought it for Maris but it unaccountably
         turned against her.  I thought Daphne was the perfect person 
         to nurse it back to health with her soft, sensual hands and 
         her loving... manner.  Is she here?
 Martin: No, she stepped out.  I don't know when she'll be back.
  Niles: Well, I'm off. [goes towards door]
 Martin: What, hey!  You can stay.  I haven't seen you for a while, 
         you can visit.
  Niles: Well, yes we could, couldn't we? 

He sits.  There are a few moments of silence. 

  Niles: ...So, how are ya?
 Martin: Fine.  You?
  Niles: Fine... She's fine.
 Martin: ...Pickle?
  Niles: No, thanks.
 Martin: ...Look Niles, if you just came to see Daphne, you don't have
         to stay.
  Niles: Dad, I can't believe you would say that.  To your own son. 
         I am deeply insulted.  Here I wanted to have some time with 
         you but now I'm so upset I'll have to leave. [heads towards 
         door again, just as Daphne enters]
 Daphne: Oh, hello Dr. Crane.  Staying for dinner?
  Niles: Yes, love to. 

Martin shakes his head.  Niles gives the plant to Daphne.

  Niles: Daphne, I had the fervent hope that you could coax this back 
         to life.  It's one of Maris's favorites.
 Daphne: My goodness, what did she do to it?
  Niles: Nothing.  Just loved it.

Frasier enters.

Frasier: God.  Can you believe this weather?
 Martin: Oh, Frasier.  I'm glad you're home.  What happened to Bulldog?
Frasier: [panic-stricken] Who told you?
 Martin: Nobody told me anything.  I turned into the "Gonzo Sports Show" 
         today like I always do, and they had Father Mike filling in.  
         I hate that.  All it was, was "Notre Dame, Notre Dame, Notre 
         Dame."
Frasier: Yes, well, Bulldog tended his resignation.
 Martin: Oh, no.  Why would he do that?  He's the top sports guy in town.
Frasier: Well, you know, things just go funny sometimes.  It's a tough 
         business, this radio game, you know?
 Daphne: Dr. Crane, I'm picking up something from you.  You're shrouded
         in an aura of guilt.
Frasier: ...Maybe I am.
  Niles: Daphne, that's fantastic.  Do me, do me.
 Daphne: No, I'm on to something here. [to Frasier] You actually think
         you're responsible for Bulldog losing his job.
 Martin: Frasier?
Frasier: All right, all right.  Ah, there was a rumor going �round the
         station that Bulldog was going to get sacked, and then... I 
         was repeating it to someone and he overheard me and flew off 
         the handle, went up and quit his job.  In the end it turned 
         out that the rumor wasn't true. [to Daphne] Of course, you 
         already knew that, didn't you?

Niles's phone rings.

  Niles: Oh, excuse me. [answers phone] Hello?  Maris... Maris? 
         What's wrong?  It's all right... no, no.  Everything's 
         going to be... Oh, dear. [puts phone back in pocket] Sorry, 
         I have to go.  Maris is despondent.  They kicked her out of 
         the cast of "Cats."
 Daphne: Why?
  Niles: She couldn't remember the words to "Memory." 

He leaves.

 Martin: Now listen here, Frasier.  If you're responsible for Bulldog 
         losing his job, you've got to make this right.  You gotta go 
         down to that station and talk to the boss and get him his job 
         back.
Frasier: Well, that's a little easier said than done.  Ned Miller is 
         the most intimidating, heartless, mean-spirited man I've ever 
         had the misfortune to meet.
 Daphne: And he cheats on his wife... [realizes] My goodness, I'm on 
         today.
 Martin: So you're selling Bulldog down the river just 'cause you don't
         have the guts to go and face this guy?
Frasier: No, no.  For all we know this might just be the best thing 
         that ever happened to him.  You know, he's always talking 
         about how he should be in a larger market, like Los Angeles, 
         or New York...

Eddie starts pawing at the front door. 

Frasier: Eddie, scoot.  Scat.

Frasier opens the door to find Bulldog standing there, bag over his 
shoulder, very sad and despondent. 

Frasier: Oh, Bulldog.
Bulldog: Hiya, Doc.
Frasier: Well, what are you doing, just standing there?
Bulldog: ...I don't know.  I was trying to decide whether or not I 
         should bother you.  See, my life is kinda over, but you got 
         company, so I'll go.
Frasier: No, no-no-no-no.  Come in, come in, it's just family.  This is
         my dad, and Daphne Moon.
 Martin: Hey, Bulldog.  You're soaking wet.
Bulldog: Yeah, I been wandering around the streets for the last few 
         hours.
 Martin: I heard what happened.
Bulldog: You haven't heard the half of it. [grabs Frasier's sherry and 
         throws it back] My girlfriend threw me out.  She said the only 
         reason she was with me was because I was on the radio.  Can 
         you believe that?  Eight years we've been together.  I loved 
         that woman.  Even when I was tomcatting around, I loved that 
         woman.  God, that job was my life, and now I've been blackballed 
         in this business, and all because of my stupid temper. [picks up 
         a piece of African art] What is this, anyway?
Frasier: Oh, that's an exceedingly rare fertility symbol from a small
         nomadic tribe in Ghana.
Bulldog: I guess when they were passing out equipment, this guy was in
         the back of the line. [slams it down on the table] Anyway, I
         might as well face it, I'm just a loser, I'm a zero, I'm 
         nothing, a has-been..
 Martin: Pickle? [Bulldog accepts]
 Daphne: Now, I'm not familiar with your work myself, but Mr. Crane 
         often puts off his nightly bath just so he can hear your show.
 Martin: Oh, yeah.  You're the greatest, Bulldog.  If you weren't on 
         the radio, I wouldn't have a radio.
Bulldog: That's a nice thing to say.  Now I know why your son is such
         a great guy. [Martin and Daphne turn to stare at Frasier] I've
         bothered you people enough.  I better go.  The good rooms at 
         the "Y" fill up early. [Martin and Daphne stare at Frasier 
         again]
Frasier: Wait.  Bulldog, I can't let you leave like this. [goes into 
         his pocket] Here's a twenty. [Martin glares at him] Oh, all
         right.  Why don't you just spend the night, you can take the 
         couch.
Bulldog: Wow.  You'd do that for me?
Frasier: Why sure, what's the point of having an expensive suede couch
         if you can't have a bunch of people crashing on it?
Bulldog: Thanks, Doc.  Hey, I hope it's okay, but I could really use a
         hot shower.
Frasier: Oh sure, sure.
 Daphne: Down the hall, second door on the left.  Towels are in the 
         cabinet.

Bulldog exits down the corridor.  Martin and Daphne go back to 
staring at Frasier.

Frasier: Now, you two just leave me alone.  This is not my fault.  
         Look, I am not responsible for Bulldog going up there and 
         popping off to the boss.  You can stare at me 'til you're 
         blue in the face, I'm not going to go see Ned Miller. 

Eddie joins in the staring.  Frasier knows he's beat. 

Frasier: Oh, all right!  I'll go down to the station, I will talk to 
         the monster on the sixth floor and futilely attempt to get a 
         man back his job that I don't even care for, and in the 
         process I will probably end up spitting out my teeth like 
         Chiclets!  Is there anything else I can do for you? 

Eddie barks.

 Daphne: Oh, if you're going by the market, we're low on dog food.

FADE TO:

IT'S MILLER TIME


Scene D: Ned Miller's office. 
He's hanging a picture as Frasier knocks on the door.

 Miller: What, what?!
Frasier: [entering] Mr. Miller...
 Miller: Oh, it's you, Crane.
Frasier: Look, I don't mean to disturb you, but Arlene wasn't at her
         desk.
 Miller: I had to let her go.  A lot of stuff she's been doing lately's
         been ticking me off.
Frasier: If this is a bad time...
 Miller: No, it's a perfect time, I need you to hold this. [indicating 
         picture] Come on.  Now!

Frasier takes the painting and holds it to the wall as Miller stands 
back.

Frasier: Okay, how's this?
 Miller: I'd love to tell you, but your big head's in the way. 

Frasier crouches down to get out of the line of view.

 Miller: Ah, put it down.

Frasier lowers the painting to reveal a large hole in the wall.

Frasier: Oh my lord!  What happened here?
 Miller: Oh, that psycho Bulldog and I got into it this afternoon.  
         He threw my Golden Mike at me!
Frasier: [looking at hole] And he did that with your little trophy?
 Miller: No, he just chipped the paint with the trophy, I did that with
         his head!

He goes to the bar and pours himself a scotch from a decanter.

Frasier: Ah.  That's, ah, sort of why I'm here.
 Miller: Drink?
Frasier: No.  No thank you, Mr. Miller.  Um, I know that Bulldog was up
         here, and he said some... pretty regrettable things to you.
 Miller: I'll say he said some things.  You want to hear them?  I tape
         everything in this office.

This makes Frasier even more uncomfortable.

Frasier: Well anyway, ah, a lot of what he said was, ah... was my fault,
         you see?  Well, you see, I heard a rumor that, ah, management
         was thinking about lightening the load a bit.  Well, I heard
         it was Bulldog that was gonna get sacked and I... I was 
         repeating the rumor to someone and Bulldog heard me.  And 
         that's why he came up here and started telling you... 
 Miller: That I'm a drunk, that I'm incompetent at my job, that my
         wife is a big fat slut!
Frasier: That is indefensible!  Your wife is not overweight! [realizes]
         Well anyway, my point is that, um, I'd like you to reconsider
         giving Bulldog his job back.  And ah, whatever the consequences
         to me, I'm willing to accept it.
 Miller: Look, I won't kid you.  Bulldog meant big numbers to us in 
         Drive Time, we need him back.  Tell you what - you get him to 
         apologize to me... oh hell, why don't I just say it?  If he'll 
         kiss my ass, maybe we can work something out.
Frasier: Oh sir, sir, I'm sure that'll make him so happy.  

He stands and holds out his hand, but Miller has already picked up 
his glass again.

Frasier: Well, I'll just, ah, get out of you hair. [goes to door]
 Miller: Actually Crane, that uh, rumor about someone being let go is,
         uh... true.
Frasier: What?
 Miller: Now that you've so nobly gotten Bulldog his job back, the 
         station still needs to make some cutbacks on those high-priced 
         salaries.
Frasier: Oh god, not Father Mike?  Oh, no.
 Miller: No.  It's not Father Mike.
Frasier: Chopper Dave?  Ray the Greengrocer?  Bonnie "the Auto Lady" 
         Weems?

Ned looks at Frasier, indicating it's him.

 Miller: Look, Crane.  You're new to the radio game, I've been around a
         long time.  People get fired.  But they always get back on 
         their feet.  So... I bet you I could get you that drink now?
Frasier: Yes, I bet you could.
 Miller: [the phone rings] Help yourself. 

Frasier takes the decanter from the bar as Miller answers the phone.

 Miller: Ned Miller!  Yo, Jack!  No, what's wrong?  Ah, come on, tell 
         me now.  Uh-huh.  I see.  No, no no, I-I... Thanks, Jack. 

Frasier has taken a stiff drink of Scotch, and is about to pour 
himself a second.  Miller replaces the phone, and takes the decanter 
from Frasier's hand before he can pour.

 Miller: Excuse me. [fills his glass]
Frasier: Bad news?
 Miller: Oh, you could say that.  I've just been fired.  They decided the 
         best way to cut the budget was to get rid of MY high salary.
Frasier: [struggles to hide his grin] Oh, Ned, I... I'm so sorry.  
         Then I guess this means that my job is still safe, then?
 Miller: Yeah.  I guess so.
Frasier: [expansively] Well, you know Ned... I haven't been in the radio
         game that long.  But, uh, I've been around long enough to know
         that people get fired.  And when they do, they always seem to
         land on their feet.  Now I've known quite a few people - and
         counseled them - that have suffered similar setbacks.  But, ah,
         in time you will embrace this.  Learn to think of this as, oh,
         a new chapter.  You know, in theatrical circles, they always say
         "Every exit is but an entrance to somewhere else."

Miller stares at Frasier for a long beat.

 Miller: God, I wish I'd fired you when I had the chance!

End of Act Two.

Credits: 

Frasier and Roz are watching Bulldog do his show.  As promised,
he's hanging upside down.  He bangs his gong, blows his whistle,
and speaks into the mike.  He takes a drink of coffee, and burns
his eyes.  He lifts his shirt into his face to wipe them.

ACT ONE 

Scene One - Apartment
Daphne and Niles come out of the kitchen.

 Daphne: No, really.  I've never had a serious boyfriend.  No-one's 
         really been interested.
  Niles: Men can be such pigs. [starts making a swan out of the napkins
         Daphne is sorting out]
 Daphne: It's not that people weren't trying to fix me up.  Back in 
         Manchester my mum was steering me toward Reginald Glower, 
         the butcher's son.  Pasty little thing.  Never did take to 
         him.  I suppose I like my gents more on the manly side. 
         [Niles flattens the swan] Was that a little swan you made?
  Niles: No, it was a B-52.

Frasier comes in from the bedroom.

Frasier: Well, Dad's done it again.  That was Dr. Jennings's office on 
         the phone.  He's skipped his physical again today.
 Daphne: Why, that little devil.  No wonder he didn't want me to go 
         with him.
  Niles: Frasier, you know Dad's intense aversion to doctors, you 
         should have seen that he got there.
Frasier: Yes, well I didn't see you volunteering this afternoon.
  Niles: Well, I couldn't.  I had my "fear of abandonment" workshop 
         today, and I've already been a no-show twice.
 Daphne: Wait 'til your father gets here, I'll give him such a piece
         of my mind.

Eddie comes bounding out of the bedroom, bounces over the furniture
and sits by the door.

Frasier: If only we had some way of knowing if he was about to arrive.

Martin enters.

 Martin: [to Eddie] Hey, how ya doin', boy? Yeah, glad to see you too.
Frasier: So.  How was your exam today?
 Martin: Oh, you know.  Everything's pretty routine.
Frasier: EKG?
 Martin: Perfect.
  Niles: Blood pressure?
 Martin: Textbook.
Frasier: Hope they took a full blood panel.
 Martin: Oh, yeah.  Told them to take two.  They're small.
 Daphne: Ooh, let's have a look. [Martin rolls up his sleeve] Ooh, look
         at this.  A nice, big Band-Aid. [she rips it off his arm] Nice 
         try!
 Martin: Ouch!  What did you do that for?
 Daphne: Dr. Jennings's office called to reschedule your appointment.  
         You never showed up today.
  Niles: Dad, this is ludicrous.  Why do you keep avoiding the doctor?
 Martin: Because I feel fine.  I'll go to the doctor when I don't feel
         fine.  Besides, I don't like Dr. Jennings.  He's got a model 
         of a colon on his desk, he keeps his tongue depressors in it.
Frasier: Well, all right Dad, fine.  If you don't like him, why don't
         you go to see my doctor, she's one of the finest gastroenterologists 
         in this city.
 Martin: She?  Oh ho ho, no no.  No way.  If a doctor's gonna have me 
         bend over, I want to look through my legs and see wingtips.
 Daphne: Now now, we'll have none of that.  We women have been poked 
         and prodded by male doctors for centuries.  I say it's high 
         time you gents went to see a doctor of the opposite sex.  
         See how you like waiting in that room - sitting there all 
         naked and helpless and goose-bumpy. 
Frasier: Niles, surely you could recommend someone? 

Niles is staring at Daphne, in a warm, happy world of his own.

Frasier: Niles!
  Niles: I'm sorry, my mind was somewhere else.  Rec... OH!  I know 
         who you should see - Dr. Gary Newman.  His office is in my 
         building, he has a very successful practice, I saw a 
         Lichtenstein hanging in his office.
Frasier: Ooh, Lichtenstein.  He sounds perfect.
 Martin: Alright, alright.  I'll make an appointment, I'll go see him.
Frasier: Oh, now just hang on a second there, mister.  I will make the
         arrangements and I will escort you personally.
 Martin: Wonderful.  I can't wait.
 Daphne: Oh, stop grumbling.  It won't be so bad.  Well, unless you 
         have to parade around the office in one of those gowns where 
         your little bum peeks through the back.
Frasier: So Niles, what's Dr. Newman's number? 

But Niles is tuned out again.

Frasier: ...Niles?  NILES!
  Niles: I'm sorry, I must have drifted off again.

FADE OUT

Scene Two - Dr. Newman's waiting room. 
Frasier and Martin are waiting, along with an elderly lady.

 Martin: My appointment was supposed to be half an hour ago, how much 
         longer are we gonna wait for this guy?  Come on Frasier, let's 
         get out of here.
Frasier: Dad, Dad, just relax.  Read a magazine.  Oh, here, here.  
         Take the Cosmo quiz.
 Martin: [reading] "Are your nipples sensitive?"
Frasier: Would you mind doing that quietly, it's not an oral exam.
 Martin: You haven't seen the second question.  Did you used to keep 
         your patients waiting like this?
Frasier: Oh, just the compulsives.  It was part of their therapy.  
         Relax there, I'll take care of it. 

He goes to the receptionist's cubicle. 

     Frasier: Yes, my father Martin Crane had an appointment thirty 
              minutes ago?
Receptionist: Yes, I'm sorry.  The doctor's running a little late this 
              morning, but you'll be first up when he gets in.
     Frasier: When he gets in?  My God, where's he coming from, Spokane?
Receptionist: Actually he has a long drive in from his weekend house at
              Lake Shalonne.
     Frasier: Lake Shalonne?  Ooh, this guy must be terrific! 

He goes back to Martin.

 Martin: So?
Frasier: Dad, relax.  He'll be here any minute. [looking around] You know
         Dad, I was just struck by one of life's little ironies.  I 
         remember you taking me to the doctor, and now here I am taking 
         you.
 Martin: Yeah.  I remember when I took you for your first tetanus shot,
         you were about five or six.
Frasier: Oh boy, was I scared.  I remember you holding my hand.
 Martin: Yeah.  Bent over that table, dropped your little drawers.  
         When the nurse gave you the shot, you took your mind off it 
         by reciting the names of all of Puccini's operas.  Right then 
         I knew you'd never be a cop.  Look, I'm serious.  I'm not 
         staying any longer, let's go.
Frasier: All right dad, look, I'll check and see if there's someone
         substituting for him.
 Martin: [to lady] What are you here for?
   Lady: Lately I've been having this overall sluggish feeling.  It's 
         hard even getting out of bed in the morning.  Not to mention 
         the cold weather.  It's really making my joints hurt.  I've 
         started to notice flaking spots on my skin.  What about you?
 Martin: [who wishes he hadn't started this] I have sensitive nipples.

Frasier comes back.  He is the bearer of bad news.

Frasier: Dad?  I'm afraid the doctor won't be able to make your 
         appointment today.
 Martin: Oh, that's just great.  These big-shot doctors, they keep you 
         waiting for an hour and then they don't even have the decency 
         to show up!  What, play a little slow on the golf course today?  
         That arrogant, inconsiderate jerk!
Frasier: Dad, Dad, Dad — Dr. Newman is dead.  He died an hour ago.
 Martin: I'm sure he was a good man.

FADE TO: 

WELL, I'M LOUSY AT TENNIS...


Scene Three - KACL
Frasier is talking to Roz.

Frasier: I mean, there he was, walking down his walkway this morning 
         and, he bends over to pick up his newspaper and BANG! - he 
         drops dead of a heart attack.  It's just... God, you know?  
         I pick up my newspaper every day.  And the Sunday Times is 
         very heavy, I'm thinking of canceling.
    Roz: Well?  These things happen.
Frasier: "These things happen?"  Roz, how can you say that?  My God, 
         this was not an old man, he was my age.
    Roz: What am I supposed to say?  I guess I don't think of these 
         things like you do.  Guess it's because you're forty-one and 
         I'm... [laughs] not.
Frasier: Don't you ever think about you're own mortality?  Don't you 
         ever think about dying?
    Roz: Well, not me dying, but you know what I have thought about 
         lately?  I've been dating this older guy, and what if... you 
         know? [Frasier doesn't] We were in bed together and he dropped 
         dead?  Well, it's not out of the realm of possibility.  
         Sometimes he starts breathing very funny and I don't know if 
         he's having a good time or if I've overexcited him to some 
         dangerous level.
Frasier: Someone certainly has a very high opinion of herself.
    Roz: Everybody's good at something.
Frasier: Why is it that every time we try to have a serious discussion, 
         we end up talking about your sex life?
    Roz: Because I have one.

FADE TO: 

A FAMILY MEETING


Scene Four - Apartment
Martin and Daphne are there.  Frasier opens the door for Niles. 

Frasier: Niles, thank you so much for coming at such short notice.
  Niles: Hello Dad, Daphne.
 Daphne: Hello, Dr. Crane.
  Niles: Yes, I came as soon as I could. [for Daphne's benefit] I was 
         in the middle of my workout, but, I can always pump iron 
         later.
 Daphne: Well, I'll just pop into the kitchen and fix us a snack. 

She exits.

Frasier: [taking a large folder over to the table] Pump iron?  Niles, 
         you don't even pump your own gas.
  Niles: All right, all right.  Now what is all this nonsense about 
         getting your affairs in order?
Frasier: Well, it's this: Dr. Newman dying at such a young age really 
         threw me for a loop.  I was trying to figure out why, and I 
         finally realized that I hadn't made the proper provisions for 
         my own death.
 Daphne: [entering with a bowl and a jar of peanuts] Here we go. 

She has trouble opening the jar.

  Niles: Oh!  Here, allow me. 

He takes the jar but has even less success.  Frasier distributes
files to each person.

Frasier: First, the pertinent information.  I've prepared copies for 
         each of you.  The location and numbers of my bank accounts; 
         [Niles is still struggling with the jar] my safety deposit 
         keys; the number for my attorney... Niles, what are you doing?  
         Oh, give me that! 

He takes the jar and opens it.

  Niles: [to Daphne] I loosened it for him.
Frasier: Now, the distribution of my personal possessions.
 Daphne: Oh, I really think this is a matter for family only.
Frasier: No, no Daphne, please, I'd like you to stay.  I'll come to you 
         later.  Dad, Niles, I'd like you to put your names on these 
         stickers, [hands them over] and place them on any object you'd 
         like bequeathed to you.
 Martin: This is crazy.  I'm not going to start putting my name on your 
         stuff.
Frasier: Dad, what happens if I die tomorrow, you and Niles end up in 
         an argument about... well, that African mask, for instance?
 Martin: It'll never happen.  Niles, you can have it.
  Niles: I don't want it.
 Daphne: Well, don't look at me.  I throw a towel over that thing when 
         you're not home.
Frasier: Okay, fine.  Now we come to the issue of... my remains.
 Martin: Oh, jeez.
Frasier: I've arranged every detail in this easy-to-read binder. [gives
         binder to Martin]
 Martin: Oh, this is taking it too far, would you look at this? [reads]
         "Burial; Casket; Caterers"?
  Niles: Who are you using?
Frasier: Michaelson's.
  Niles: Oh, they're very good.  Excellent. 

They start discussing the wonder that is Michaelson's.  Martin tries 
to get a word in.

 Martin: Excuse me.  Excuse me!  Are we about done?
Frasier: Well, there is just one more duck to put in the row.  I've 
         done some research and I've discovered that most unexpected 
         deaths occur in the home.  And Daphne, this is where you come 
         in, the actual finding of the body.
 Daphne: Ooh, save the best part for me, eh?  Well, that's all right. 
         I'm a health care provider. I've had my fair share of patients 
         Die on me.
 Martin: That's a comfort.
Frasier: Well, perhaps dad's right.  Maybe we should just drop the 
         subject.  Well, thank you.  This meeting has actually made 
         me feel better, I think I can handle my mortality a bit 
         better now.  Well, enough talk about death. [produces a 
         bottle of wine] Let's celebrate life with a bottle of 
         Chateau Certair '75
  Niles: Oh no, not the '75, I can't let you do that, that's far too 
         good for the likes of us.
Frasier: Well, perhaps a bottle of Beaujolais Nouveau would be more 
         appropriate.

He goes to find the bottle.  Niles takes the bottle of '75 and puts 
a sticker on it.  Martin glares at him.

END OF ACT ONE

ACT TWO 

Scene Five - Apartment
Frasier is lying on the couch with his eyes shut and his fingers in his 
ears.  Eddie is watching him.  Martin enters. 

 Martin: Eddie?  Ah, there you are.  Come on, boy.  Frasier, what are 
         you still doing up? [no answer] Frasier!
Frasier: Dad, please, shh.  I'm trying to listen to my heartbeat.  
         Amazing thing, the human heart.  You know, it can pump 
         eighteen hundred gallons of blood through it each and every 
         day, but the tiniest tear in the tiniest part of the tiniest 
         artery and "poof," you're gone.
 Martin: I thought you were all okay about this stuff now.
Frasier: Oh, so did I.  What is the matter with me?  I guess I thought 
         that putting my affairs in order would help me to deal with 
         this thing, but it hasn't.  I... I can't seem to get over the 
         feeling that no matter how remote the possibility, something 
         could happen to me.  Jeez, I'd miss so much.  I'd never get to 
         see my son hit his first home run.  It'd be a terrible thing 
         for a father to miss.
 Martin: Tell me about it.  Look son, let me tell you something.  There 
         was this time, a while back, seven or eight of us were on this 
         drug bust.  We get the order to go through the front door, and 
         the first guy took one.  He was dead before he hit the ground.  
         When you're a cop, you've got to be able to handle things like 
         that, but I... I just couldn't get over it.  Every time I had 
         to go in a blind alley, or in a dark building, I just froze.  
         And I knew if I kept being afraid to die, I'd never be able to 
         do my job.  
Frasier: So what did you do?
 Martin: I just forced myself to forget about it.
Frasier: Just like that?
 Martin: Just like that.  Next time I came across one of those doors, 
         I went right through it. [then] The fact that I got shot in 
         the hip was purely coincidental.
Frasier: You were this close to helping me there, Dad.
 Martin: Look Frasier, just because some doctor dies doesn't mean 
         you're gonna die.
Frasier: Yes, but he was just like me.  Highly educated, sophisticated, 
         at the top of his profession; I saw a picture of him in a 
         medical journal, he even looked like me.  Same determined 
         chin, sweater vest and ever-so-slightly receding hairline.
 Martin: Look, what do you know about this guy?  You don't even know 
         his medical history.
Frasier: Actually, you're on to something there, dad.  Yeah, yeah.  
         For all I know he could have had high blood pressure, popped 
         pills, drank like a fish...
 Martin: There you go, it could have been any of those things.
Frasier: I'm gonna find out what caused his heart attack.  That's the 
         only way I can disassociate myself from him.  There's got to 
         be some reasonable explanation. [heads towards bedroom] That's 
         great, dad.  Actually, I do feel better now.
 Martin: Frasier, you've got something on your bathrobe.
Frasier: [discovers it's a sticker] Niles... the vultures are circling.

FADE TO: 

KRUGEL, FRAS, AND ALLEN


Scene Six - Dr Newman's House
All his family are there, dressed in black. The door is open.

Frasier: Hello?  Hello. [he attracts the attention of one of the guests]
         I called earlier, someone said Mrs. Newman would be here?
  Allen: Oh, of course, please come in.  I'm Allen Freedman.  Gary was 
         my cousin.
Frasier: Dr. Frasier Crane.  My sincerest condolences.  So, I didn't 
         think Mrs. Newman would have company.
  Allen: Oh, the family are sitting Shiva.
Frasier: Excuse me?
  Allen: You're not Jewish, are you?  It's our version of a wake.
Frasier: Oh — oh, yes.  Oh, of course, of course.  I didn't realize 
         that Gary was Jewish, you see.
  Allen: You're kidding.
Frasier: Uh, well no.  Ah, well, you know, we were pretty close friends, 
         spent a lot of time together — well, never on Friday nights, 
         of course - but ah, you know, maybe I should come back another 
         time.
  Allen: No no, please.  I'm sure Julie'd love to know that you came.  
         She's right over there. [points]
Frasier: Oh, she looks busy.  I can wait.
  Allen: Of course.  If you'll excuse me? [goes back to table]

Frasier notices a black drape hanging over a frame, and lifts it to 
discover a mirror underneath.  An older woman, Aunt Bobbie, sees him.

 Bobbie: May I help you?
Frasier: Ah.  I didn't realize this was a mirror, I thought that maybe 
         you were having an unveiling later.
 Bobbie: You're not Jewish, are you?
Frasier: No, no.  My, my ex-wife is, though.  And, ah, so and thus my 
         son is.  Which makes me, ah, sort of... well I guess you could 
         say... [gives up] No, I'm not Jewish.
 Bobbie: We always cover mirrors at a Shiva.  So those grieving don't 
         have to be concerned with their own appearances.
Frasier: Ah.  Ah well, you look very nice.
 Bobbie: [relieved] Oh, thank you.  It's been driving me crazy.  
         I'm Bobbie, Gary's aunt.
Frasier: Dr. Frasier Crane.  My deepest sympathies.
 Bobbie: You're the doctor with the radio show, aren't you?
Frasier: Yes, yes.
 Bobbie: Did you know Gary well?
Frasier: Well, yes.  Yes, yes I did.  Well I, there's so much more 
         I wanted to know about the man.  You see, ah... well oh, 
         I don't know, ah... how was his health before he died?
 Bobbie: Excellent.  He was never sick.
Frasier: History of heart disease?
 Bobbie: Oh, no.
Frasier: High blood pressure?
 Bobbie: No.
Frasier: High cholesterol?
 Bobbie: No.
Frasier: Do you know what his HDL was in comparison to his LDL?
 Bobbie: No.
Frasier: I'm sorry.  I'm asking too many questions.  You know how 
         doctors are, always looking for the answers to the mysteries 
         of life.

A woman enters, carrying a cake.  She's been crying.  Bobbie greets 
her.

 Bobbie: Oh, Gail.
   Gail: Aunt Bobbie. [they hug]
 Bobbie: I know, I know.  Gail, I'd like you to meet a friend of Gary's.
         Dr. Frasier Crane.
   Gail: Dr. Crane?  From the radio?
Frasier: Yes.  I'm sorry for your loss.
   Gail: I love your show. [re: her tears] Oh, I... I'm sorry about 
         this.  It's just, ah, when I went to pick up this linseed 
         tort I thought of Gary and...
Frasier: Oh?  So Gary had a fondness for fattening desserts, did he?
   Gail: Oh.  You didn't know Gary very well, did you?  If he knew 
         I brought this here, he'd kill me.
  Allen: Yeah, Gary was a total health fanatic, a strict vegetarian.  
         I used to play basketball with him every Sunday.
Frasier: Oh.  Oh, so he was sedentary all week, then he was burning up 
         the court on Sundays.  Well, that can be very straining on the 
         heart, you know...
 Bobbie: No, he played at least four times a week.  That is, when he 
         wasn't at the gym working out.
   Gail: Gary was in phenomenal shape.
 Bobbie: He didn't smoke, never touched caffeine...
  Allen: Did you know he had less than 10 percent body fat on him?
Frasier: My goodness.  Has anybody checked to see if he's really dead? 
         [this does not go down well] I'm sure they did check, those 
         people are very thorough.  Oh my, is that Krugle?  Excuse me. 

Frasier escapes.  He wanders round the room, offering his condolences 
to people and finds himself standing beside Mrs. Newman.

Frasier: I'm Dr Frasier Crane, I was a friend of your husband's.
 Newman: Dr. Crane?  From...?
Frasier: Yes, the radio.
 Newman: Gary never mentioned you.
Frasier: Well, we weren't actually friends.  He had an office in my 
         brother's building.
 Newman: And you took the time to come down here.  His own partner 
         didn't even stay fifteen minutes.  That's really sweet of 
         you.
Frasier: Well, actually I... there's a reason I came to talk with you.
 Newman: Which is?
Frasier: It's about Gary.  About how he, er...
 Newman: Yes?

Frasier realizes this whole outing has been a bad idea.

Frasier: Look, I'm sorry I've bothered you.  Ah, I really just came to 
         offer my sympathies.

He starts to get up.

 Newman: Oh no, wait.  Um, Dr. Crane?  I listen to you all the time, 
         and uh — well, maybe you can help me?  What would you tell 
         someone who called into the show and said they can't get over 
         why someone died?  I keep running this over and over in my mind 
         and... I just can't understand how someone like Gary, who did 
         everything right, can just die.  I can't make any sense of it.
Frasier: Mrs. Newman, I... I know you'd like me to come up with some 
         grand answer to this whole thing.  But I, I don't have one.  
         There are none.  Someone who consumes nothing but cigarettes 
         and cheeseburgers all his life can live to be eighty-three, 
         and someone who takes care of himself can die at forty-one.  
         It's unfair.  Believe me, there's no explanation for it.  
         Believe me, I've checked.  But, I suppose the best we can do 
         is live for the little joys and surprises life affords us.  
         You can't spend your life being obsessed with death.
 Newman: You're not Jewish, are you?
Frasier: No.  No I'm not.  Well, thank you for letting me be here 
         today.
 Newman: Oh, thank you for coming, Dr. Crane.

He starts to leave.

 Bobbie: Oh, Dr. Crane?  It was very nice what you said about living 
         life for the little joys and surprises it can give us.
Frasier: Yes.
 Bobbie: Thank you.
Frasier: [quietly, to himself] If only I believed it myself.

He goes to the door, but is stopped by an attractive woman.

  Woman: Excuse me?  Um, this is clearly the most inappropriate thing 
         I've ever done in my life, but... I was watching you, and um, 
         I don't know if I'll ever get the chance to see you again, and 
         something about you tells me that I'd like to.  Here. [gives 
         him her card] If you'd like to get together sometime, give me 
         a call. [moves off]

Frasier leaves, his spirits lifted.

End of Act Two.

Credits: 

Daphne is folding some ironing, looking very uncomfortable.  
She takes a towel from the basket and throws it over the 
African mask.

Act One.

THE OFFICE CHRISTMAS PARTY


Scene A: KACL Radio Station. 
Frasier is finishing off his show, while a lively party goes on 
in the corridor.

Frasier: [on air] Well, I'd like to take this opportunity to wish you 
         The very, very best of holidays.  Like many of you, I'll be 
         spending the time in the loving embrace of my family - which 
         should give us all plenty to talk about in the new year.  
         Meanwhile, this is Dr. Frasier Crane, KACL 780, Talk Radio.

He goes off the air.  Roz enters.

    Roz: Come on, Frasier.  There's a gin-and-tonic out there with 
         my name on it.

Bulldog enters.

Bulldog: You can tell Father Mike's had a few.  He's trying to get 
         everyone to re-enact the Nativity scene.
    Roz: [to Bulldog, as she exits] Well, we know who we could get to 
         be the ass.
Bulldog: [gives a dog growl, then to Frasier] I'm wearing her down. 

Frasier produces a Christmas gift from its hiding place. 

Bulldog: Who's that for? 
Frasier: It's for Roz.
Bulldog: [reading the box] "Amazing trick microphone, squirts water."
         Nice.
Frasier: It's a gag.  We agreed not to exchange gifts.
Bulldog: Listen doc.  I'm scheduled to do the noon-to-four on Christmas.
Frasier: No.
Bulldog: But doc, my whole family's getting together in Chicago for the
         first time in five years.
Frasier: I am touched, and I don't care.
Bulldog: But my-my-my sister and her new baby...
Frasier: Listen Bulldog, my son Frederick is flying in tomorrow afternoon
         to spend the holidays with me.  Now, I've never looked so forward 
         to a Christmas since I was... well, your size.

Chopper Dave comes in, yelling as usual.

   Dave: DID YOU TELL HIM YET, BULLDOG?
Bulldog: Okay, you don't have to yell.  You're not in the chopper giving
         us a traffic report.
   Dave: I WAS YELLING?
Bulldog: [gives up] Hey, doc.  You know, ah, Bonnie Weems, right?
Frasier: Well, ah, I don't actually know her, but she does the auto
         show, right?
   Dave: RIGHT.  Bonnie tends to drink a little more than she should at
         these parties, so the newest on-air personality always drives 
         her home!
Bulldog: That's you, rookie.
Frasier: Well, that sounds like a good tradition, I'd be delighted to 
         drive her home.
Bulldog: And she'll be delighted to hear that.

Bulldog and Dave exit, giggling.  Frasier follows them into the corridor 
and helps himself to a glass of punch.  Elizabeth, an elderly employee, 
comes up to him.

Elizabeth: Merry Christmas, Dr. Crane.
  Frasier: Oh, Merry Christmas, Elizabeth.
Elizabeth: I baked you some sugar cookies. [hands over box]
  Frasier: Oh, how sweet of you.  Sweets from the sweet.
Elizabeth: Would you by any chance know who's driving Bonnie Weems home
           tonight?
  Frasier: Yes, I am.  And maybe you can tell me why everyone...
Elizabeth: [to crowd] Hey, everybody!  It's the doc! 

The entire party starts laughing.  Confused, Frasier goes back into the 
booth.  Roz is there.

Frasier: Roz, would you mind telling me why everyone breaks into 
         hysterics whenever I say I'm driving Bonnie Weems home... 
         [Roz bursts out laughing] Oh, what is that?!
    Roz: Well, Bonnie Weems is kind of an office legend.  She gets a 
         couple of drinks under her belt, and she gets a little amorous.  
         And she will not take "No" for an answer.
Frasier: Is that all?  Oh, I'm a big boy, I can take care of myself.
    Roz: Okay.
Frasier: [picking up present] Now, listen Roz, Roz, now I know we 
         promised not to, but I couldn't help it.  I was out shopping, 
         and...
    Roz: [really excited] Oh, no!  Don't worry, Frasier, I couldn't
         help myself either.
Frasier: Oh no, really?
    Roz: Yes. [hands over gift] Merry Christmas!
Frasier: Oh Roz, you shouldn't have.  This is just...

He opens the present.  It's an expensive attaché case. 

Frasier: [worried] Oh, Roz.  Roz, you really shouldn't have.
    Roz: Now it's my turn. [starts opening her gift]
Frasier: Oh, no-no-no.  Maybe, you know, maybe you should just think 
         about, ah... keeping it under the tree.
    Roz: Oh, me wait to open a Christmas present?
Frasier: Yeah.
    Roz: [opens box, but manages to fake enthusiasm for the gag gift] 
         Oh my god!  It's great!  It's great because I'm in radio!
Frasier: Ah, that's what I was going for, yes.
    Roz: Well, thanks a million, Frasier. [kisses him] Have a happy, 
         happy holiday and I'll see you next week.
Frasier: Okay.  Merry Christmas.
    Roz: Merry Christmas. 

She leaves.  Bonnie Weems, a very attractive blond, appears in the 
doorway with a drink in her hand.

 Bonnie: Dr. Crane?
Frasier: Yes?
 Bonnie: I'm Bonnie Weems.
Frasier: Well, hello.  It's a, uh, a pleasure to meet you.  I'll be 
         driving you home tonight.
 Bonnie: I'm sorry to put you out.
Frasier: Oh, it's no problem at all.  Tell you what, you just go, enjoy
         the party, you let me know when you're ready to go.
 Bonnie: [downs her shot in one] I'm ready now, baby. 

She lifts Frasier by the waist, puts him over her shoulder and carries 
him out.

Scene B: Frasier's Apartment. 
Niles is there, drinking eggnog.  He puts his glass down to clean 
a mark on his shoe.  Eddie immediately takes a few laps from it, 
sitting back down before Niles picks it up and takes a sip. 

Frasier enters with a pile of presents.  Niles starts, looking like
a kid caught with his hand in the cookie jar.

  Niles: [nervously] Hello, Frasier.
Frasier: Oh, hello Niles.  Merry Christmas.  To what do I owe this 
         occasion?
  Niles: Oh, nothing.  Just stopped by to get an opinion on a gift 
         I was considering for Maris.

Daphne enters, wearing a tight, black cocktail dress.

 Daphne: Well, it pinches a bit under the arms, but you be the judge. 
         [does a little twirl] Oh, hello, Dr. Crane.
Frasier: [glaring at Niles] Daphne.
 Daphne: [to Niles] Shall I put the little red one back on so you can 
         Make your choice?
Frasier: I think Niles has all the information he needs, thank you.
 Daphne: Fair enough. 

She exits.  Niles withers under Frasier's look of disapproval.

  Niles: You know, Maris and Daphne are roughly the same size!
Frasier: Give or take a foot.

Martin enters

 Martin: Hey, Frasier.  Where've you been?
Frasier: Well, after the Christmas party I poured a colleague into a cab,
         said a quick prayer for the driver, dislodged the wedgie of a
         lifetime, then went on to do a little bit of last minute 
         shopping.  Niles, some sherry?
  Niles: Ah, thank you.
Frasier: You know, Santa is going to be very, very good to Frederick 
         This year.
 Martin: Oh, by the way, Bulldog called a couple of times.  He wanted 
         to know if you'd take his slot on Christmas day.
Frasier: I already told him no.  How long will that man nag me? [Martin
         heads towards the door with a cheap, plastic wreath] Dad, what
         are you doing with that?
 Martin: I'm gonna hang it on the front door, like I always do.
Frasier: But it's plastic.
 Martin: [hanging it] Well, of course it's plastic.  Do you think a 
         real one would've lasted since 1967?

As Frasier hands Niles a sherry, Daphne enters carrying the two 
cocktail dresses.

 Daphne: Here you go.  Ooh, I'm glad to be out of that black one—
         I had to take me undies off just to get the zipper up. 

Niles drops his glass, shattering it on the table and spilling sherry 
all over it.

 Daphne: Oh, dear!  Let me get that.

As she starts to clean up, Niles sinks onto the couch, still bringing 
himself together.  The phone rings.  Martin answers.

 Martin: Hello.  Oh, hi. [to Frasier] Frasier, it's for you.  It's the 
         nag.
Frasier: Oh, lord. [on phone] Now, listen Bulldog, I already told 
         you... Oh.  Hello, Lilith.  Well, you know, maybe, ah, I 
         should take this in the bedroom. [exits]
 Martin: Niles?  Everything's all set for tomorrow, right?
  Niles: Yes, yes.  Maris and I are driving up to the cabin tonight.  
         We'll expect you, Frasier and Frederick tomorrow around noon.
 Daphne: Oh, I wish I was coming with you.
  Niles: So do I.
 Martin: [passing the phone, hearing Frasier and Lilith arguing] Oh, 
         Shut the hell up, will you? [puts phone back on hook]
  Niles: Daphne.  Daphne, you should come.  We have the most wonderful
         traditional Christmas, it's an actual log cabin.  With actual 
         deer grazing in the snow on our front yard.  Of course, Maris 
         fires off her shotgun from time to time to scare them away 
         from our garbage, but still, it's enchanting.
 Martin: Yeah.  You sure you can't come, Daph?
 Daphne: No, I promised my Uncle Jackie I'd fly down to San Francisco 
         to be with him.
 Martin: Well, I guess you should be with your family at this time of 
         year, it's more traditional.
 Daphne: Except that Jackie's a transvestite.  Getting a bit long in 
         the tooth for it too, if you ask me.  Last Thanksgiving he ate 
         too much turkey and I had to cut him out of his pantyhose.

Frasier returns.

Frasier: Well, Merry Christmas, everybody!  Lilith isn't sending 
         Frederick!
 Martin: What?  Why not?
Frasier: Well, apparently he has this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity 
         for an incredible Christmas.  A friend of hers has rented a 
         home in Austria.
 Martin: What's the matter with the good old U.S.A.?
Frasier: Well, apparently it's the same house that they filmed "The 
         Sound Of Music" in, and that happens to be Freddie's favorite 
         movie.  Well, Julie Andrews is singing with the Salzburg 
         Choral, they're having dinner with her afterwards, and some 
         nonsense about a horse-driven sleigh ride through the snow, 
         and a toboggan, and a balloon trip through the Alps, and 
         apparently on their way back they're gonna spend an entire day 
         at Euro-Disneyland!
  Niles: ...Well, up at the cabin, there's an old stump that the local
         children seem to enjoy kicking.
 Martin: You know you have to let him go, don't you?
Frasier: Well, of course I have to let him go.  Thank you for pointing 
         out that you know what's right.
 Martin: Hey!  I was just making sure that you did, that's all.
Frasier: Oh, how would I ever live without you?
 Daphne: Now now, boys, that's enough.  Dr. Crane, you're being a good 
         father, letting Frederick go.
  Niles: That's right.  It doesn't have to ruin your Christmas.
 Martin: Yeah, come on.  Let's finish decorating the Christmas tree.  
         I brought up the good lights from the storage room.
Frasier: Oh, dad, you know what, I don't want to use those lights this 
         year.  I picked up these just yesterday. [brings out a box of 
         lights]
 Martin: Chili peppers?
Frasier: Well, yes, they're very fashionable.
 Martin: Chili peppers aren't Christmas.
Frasier: Well, for that matter, neither are scotch pines or snow 
         ornaments.  For God's sakes, if you want to be technical, 
         Bethlehem was in the desert.
 Martin: Fine.  Why don't we decorate a palm tree?
Frasier: I don't need your sarcasm.
 Martin: But I always use those lights.
Frasier: Dad, dad.  This is my house, these are my decorations, just 
         once, could I have just one thing I wanted this Christmas?
 Martin: Hey, look.  Wait a minute.  I know you're upset about Freddie, 
         but don't take it out on me.
Frasier: Oh fine.  Now you're the psychiatrist?
 Martin: Oh, I give up.  Go ahead, decorate the thing.  Use your chili 
         peppers!
Frasier: All right, I won't anymore!
 Martin: Use 'em!  Why don't... maybe we could hang a few radishes, 
         put a nice broccoli on top!
  Niles: I hope you two aren't going to be behaving this way up at the
         cabin?
Frasier: Oh, we won't!  Because I'm not going to the cabin!
 Martin: What do you mean, you're not going to the cabin?  Where the 
         hell are you going?
Frasier: I'm staying right here.
 Martin: Well, you can't stay alone on Christmas. [by this time, Eddie 
         Has his head under a cushion]
Frasier: I've decided to fill in for Bulldog!  At least somebody will 
         have a Merry Christmas!
 Martin: [mad] Well, Merry Christmas!
Frasier: MERRY CHRISTMAS!
 Martin: MERRY CHRISTMAS!!
Frasier: MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!

Eddie pops his head out, decides it's still not safe, and sticks it 
back under the cushion.

End of Act One

Act Two. 

Scene A: Radio Station. 
Frasier walks down the hallway, unshaved and wearing an old sweatshirt 
and jeans. He is following Roz, who is much cleaner, but wearing a very 
large scowl.

Frasier: Oh, Roz... I didn't realize when I volunteered to work on 
         Christmas that I would ruin your plans for the day, I... 
         please don't be mad. [they enter the booth]
    Roz: Mad?  What for?  My mother just flew all the way in from 
         Wisconsin to be here with me today.  But instead I'm back 
         in this stinking hellhole on Christmas Day, when only the 
         loneliest and most depressed people on the planet would EVER 
         call in.  But, look how nice you made yourself look for me!
Frasier: Roz, try to see this thing from my position.  I, I couldn't 
         see my son, I had a terrible fight with my father, I was 
         facing a horrible Christmas, and then I thought, you know, 
         maybe if by trying to help other people through their troubles 
         it might get me through mine, and I think if we really try 
         hard, we can maybe have the best Christmas we've ever had.  
         What do you say?
    Roz: Okay.  I'm not mad.  Get ready.
Frasier: Oh, I need a hug, just to prove that we're still friends.
    Roz: Frasier, I am not hugging you.
Frasier: Come on.
    Roz: No, you're grungy.
Frasier: Come to papa.
    Roz: All right! [hugs] We're friends.  Now get ready, we're on.

Frasier sits by the mike and gets ready.  Roz cues him in.

Frasier: [on air] Merry Christmas, Seattle!  Yes, this is Dr. Frasier 
         Crane coming to you on Christmas Day.  Christmas, that very 
         magical time of the year, when each moment is as unique as a 
         snowflake, never to be recreated.

Roz bangs on the window.

    Roz: I'm sorry Frasier, the news went over you.  You're gonna have 
         to do that again.
Frasier: Merry Christmas, Seattle...!

DISSOLVE TO: Later

Time lapse.  Frasier and Roz are still on the air, both looking 
VERY depressed.

Frasier: Well, as we head into our second hour, I'd like to lighten 
         things up a bit.  Although, Ned, we were certainly glad to 
         hear from you, and how you got mugged on your way home from 
         the soup kitchen.  Roz, who's next?
    Roz: We have Don on line five, he wants to tell us about the time 
         he was filled with the Christmas spirit.
Frasier: It's about time!  Hello, Don.
    Don: [v.o.] Hello, Dr. Crane.  Something happened the other day 
         that sums up why we call this the season of giving.
Frasier: Well then, swaddle me in Christmas cheer.
    Don: Okay.  Well, you see, I was driving home from the gym, and I 
         suddenly realized I had left my favorite old pair of sneakers 
         on the roof of the car.  So, I look back and there's this 
         homeless guy, and he'd already picked them up, and he's 
         putting 'em on.  So I just thought, what the hell, and kept on 
         driving.
Frasier: So your experience of the Christmas spirit would be that you 
         didn't slam the car into reverse, speed back there, and rip a 
         pair of smelly old sneakers out of a homeless man's hand?  
         Well Roz, this is special, I think we've got Santa Claus 
         himself on the line!

DISSOLVE TO: Later

Time lapse.  Frasier is listening to Barry, a caller who can't stop 
crying long enough to say what his problem is.

  Barry: [v.o.] I'm sorry.  That was the last time.  I'm okay now, I'm 
         okay. [bursts into tears again] No, I'm not!
Frasier: Barry, I've got to put you on hold for a bit, while you pull 
         yourself together, but please, please stay on the line, I'd 
         really like to help you.
  Barry: It's alright, I think I've got a hold of myself... [starts 
         crying again]

DISSOLVE TO: Later

Time lapse.

 Gladys: [v.o.] So you see, Dr. Crane, I've fallen in the shower so 
         many times, they can't fit any more pins in my hip.
Frasier: Gladys, Gladys?  Ah, listen, can I put you on hold for a 
         second?  There's somebody else I have to check on. [switches 
         lines] How's it going there, Barry? 

Sounds of crying. 

Frasier: My sentiments exactly.

DISSOLVE TO: Later

Time lapse.  By this time, Roz has her head on the desk, and Frasier is
tilted back in his chair, the mike balanced on his chest.

    Tom: [v.o.] It still traumatizes me, Dr. Crane.  I wake up nights, 
         and I remember that Christmas morning.  I walked into my 
         mother's bedroom, tears running down my face, and I said, 
         "Mommy... the puppy Santa gave me won't wake up."
Frasier: Okay, Tom.  You win the prize for the saddest Christmas story 
         we've heard today.  Happy holidays. 

He goes to a commercial break, sees Roz with her head down and 
rushes into her booth. 

Frasier: Roz?  Roz!  Oh, have you been crying, Roz?
    Roz: [weeping] Just for the last hour.
Frasier: Ooh... oh, listen, why don't you just go home, honey?  I can 
         take over for the next two hours.
    Roz: But you can't do this on your own.
Frasier: Oh, sure I can!  Why don't you go home, be with your mom?
    Roz: Wouldn't it be even be sadder?  With you here all by yourself?
Frasier: I don't think that's possible.
    Roz: Well, if you really mean it, I'll go.
Frasier: I mean it.
    Roz: But Frasier, promise me one thing?  Don't sit here and get 
         more depressed.  You'll see your little boy again soon.
Frasier: I know I will.
    Roz: Okay.  Hug-hug-hug? [they hug] Merry... [bursts into tears 
         again] Christmas!

She leaves.  Frasier resumes his seat as the commercial ends.

Frasier: [on-air] Hi, we're back.  Well, you know what?  I, I realize 
         it's been a pretty tough day out there for most of you, and 
         uh, I'd like to hear now from someone who's having a GOOD 
         Christmas.  Um, you know, someone who's learned a way to beat 
         the holiday blues.  Well, let's take our first call here. 
         [presses button] Hello, you're on the air.
   Jeff: [v.o.] This is Jeff.
Frasier: Hello, Jeff!  Well, Merry Christmas!
   Jeff: Well, Merry Christmas to you.  I used to get depressed on 
         Christmas.  And then I found a surefire way to beat it: I'd 
         pop my favorite movie, "The Sound Of Music" in the VCR.  
         Watching Julie Andrews lead those adorable little tykes 
         through the streets of Salzburg... Nobody could be depressed!  
         I mean, nobody!

Long beat.

Frasier: Jeff, are you a betting man?

DISSOLVE TO: 

Time lapse.  Frasier is wrapping up.

Frasier: Well, we're just about out of time.  My, my, this day has 
         flown by.  I'd like to wish all of you revelers out there a 
         Merry Christmas, and for the rest of you, why don't you go out 
         and treat yourself to something special?  Personally, I'm 
         going to go get myself a meal at one of Seattle's fine 
         eateries.  I don't know where, but I promise you one thing: 
         it'll have a liquor license.  Just kidding.  Don't drink and 
         drive.  This is Dr. Frasier Crane, KACL 780, Talk Radio. 

He finally goes off the air.

MIRACLE ON THIRD OR FOURTH STREET


Scene B: A Diner. 
Through the window we see Frasier park his car.  He gets out and 
enters, taking a seat at the counter.

Waitress: [mechanically] Merry Christmas.  Welcome to Lou's.
 Frasier: Thank you.  I'm sure glad you're open, all the other places 
          in town are either closed or are all booked up.
Waitress: That's what makes us so special.  I can bring you a menu, but 
          almost everybody's having the Christmas platter.  That's a 
          turkey log with mashed potatoes, then yule log for dessert.
 Frasier: How much more appetizing food always becomes when you add the 
          word "log." [she stares at him] I'll just have the Christmas 
          platter.
Waitress: [she yells] PLATTER! 

Her yelling wakes up the customer (Tim) sitting next to Frasier.

     Tim: How you doin'?
 Frasier: Okay.
     Tim: Are you havin' a merry Christmas?
 Frasier: Well, now that you ask, no I'm not.  Can't be with my son, 
          had a terrible argument over something stupid with my father.  
          That's why I'm alone.  How about you?
     Tim: Pretty good, actually.  Just yesterday, I was crossing the 
          street, and this beautiful pair of sneakers flew off the back 
          of the car, and landed on my feet! [holds them up]
 Frasier: Merry Christmas.
Waitress: [bringing him his platter] Here you go.
 Frasier: Well, the chef didn't exactly dally over the Remoulade, 
          did he?

DISSOLVE TO: 

Time lapse. 

Frasier has almost finished his meal.  Tim is asleep on his shoulder.  
A man (Bill) enters.

    Bill: Hey, Tim.  Merry Christmas.
     Tim: Hey Bill, same to you.  Glad you could make it.
    Bill: Well, I wouldn't miss this.  Hey, how's that turkey platter?  
          Good as last year's?
 Frasier: I'm not sure this isn't last year's.  Listen, I'm done here, 
          why don't you go ahead and take this seat?
    Bill: Jeez, thanks pal.
 Frasier: You bet. 

He gets up, checks all his pockets and realizes.

 Frasier: Ah, excuse me miss, something rather embarrassing has just 
          happened.  I seem to have lost my wallet.
Waitress: You mean you can't pay!
 Frasier: Oh no, I can pay, I can pay, I must have just left it at the 
          office.
Waitress: Uh-huh.
 Frasier: Well, I can just go back there and get it.
Waitress: Mmm.
     Tim: Hey, Lou.  It's all right.  This one's on me.
 Frasier: Oh, no-no-no.  You don't understand.  You see, I...
     Tim: It's okay, buddy, we've all been there. 
 Frasier: Yes, but you see, I really did misplace my wallet.
     Tim: I know you did, and Bill here misplaced his Wall Street 
          portfolio. Here Bill, help me out. [starts a whip round]
 Frasier: Oh no, you don't...
     Tim: Hey, everybody!  People.  Come on, let's help the poor man get 
          a nice Christmas dinner.  Even pennies.  It doesn't matter.
 Frasier: Please, please, you don't understand.  I make a very decent 
          living.  I really do.  This is not necessary. 

Tim pays Lou (the Waitress) the money that Frasier owes.] 

 Frasier: Well, I must say I've never been so touched in my life.  To 
          think that you people would give up your money, which you can 
          ill afford, to help out a fellow human being.  I'm just so 
          embarrassed.
     Tim: Don't be embarrassed.  Look at it this way: the rest of the 
          year belongs to the rich people, with their fancy houses, 
          [points to Frasier's BMW] expensive foreign cars, but 
          Christmas?  Christmas belongs to guys like us. 
 Frasier: Right.  Well, I never will forget this Christmas.  Thank you.  
          Thank you all.

Frasier leaves the diner and goes to his car, but turns to see everyone 
in the diner waving at him.  He waves back, then waits until they turn 
back and ducks down beneath the sill, to crawl into his car.

Waitress: [picking up something from the floor] Hey.  Somebody lose a 
          set of car keys?

Frasier crawls out of his car and enters the diner again.  He begins
searching the floor for his keys.

     Tim: Hey.  We're not buying you dessert.
 Frasier: No.  No, you see, I forgot... I forgot, ah... 

He pauses for a moment, torn between preserving the moment and getting 
his car back.  He picks the former.

 Frasier: To wish you a Merry Christmas!
     All: Merry Christmas.
     Tim: Hey, bud.  Since you're here, [gives Frasier a quarter] go 
          call your old man.
 Frasier: Thank you.  I think I will. 

He leaves, deciding to walk home.

End of Act Two.

Credits: 

Frasier's Christmas tree, with all the presents underneath it.
Eddie tears the wrapping off one of them.

Act One.

Scene A: The Radio Station. 
Frasier is taking a call.

Frasier: ...and though washing one's hands twenty to thirty times a day 
         would be considered obsessive/compulsive, please bear in mind 
         that your husband is a coroner.  Thank you for your call, 
         Jeanine.  Roz, whom do we have next?
    Roz: We have Ethan on line three, and he's having a little problem 
         at school.
Frasier: Hello, Ethan.  I'm listening.
  Ethan: Hi, Dr. Crane.
Frasier: How old are you?
  Ethan: I'm thirteen.
Frasier: Ah well, what can I do for you?
  Ethan: Well, I'm having a lot of problems with the other kids at 
         school.  They're always beating me up.
Frasier: Why do you think that's so?
  Ethan: Probably because I'm smart.  I have a 160 IQ.  I'm in the 
         astronomy club and I hate sports.
Frasier: Well, you know, Ethan, the other children are just acting out 
         of jealousy and immaturity, and I... I know it doesn't help 
         much right now, but the day will come in the next few years 
         when you will have the last laugh.
  Ethan: ...That's it?
Frasier: [surprised] Yes.
  Ethan: Frankly, Dr. Crane, I find that advice patronizing, simplistic 
         and, in all candor, uninspired.  The real surprise here is 
         that they pay you to dole out this balloon juice.
Frasier: Ethan, where are you calling from?
  Ethan: Home.
Frasier: Well, if any of Ethan's classmates are listening, you know 
         where he is, and he can't stay in there forever. 

Roz laughs.

Frasier: [maliciously] Thank you for your call! [disconnects Ethan] 
         Well, that's about it for today.  This is Frasier Crane, 
         KACL Talk Radio, 780 AM. 

He goes off the air and then crosses into Roz's booth. 

Frasier: Well Roz, I thought that was a pretty good show, didn't you?
    Roz: [touching up her makeup] Yeah, sure.  Whatever you say.
Frasier: You seem a bit distracted there, Roz.  You got another one of 
         your hot dates?
    Roz: If you must know, yes.

Noel Shempsky puts his head round the door.

   Noel: Pick you up outside in five minutes?
    Roz: Great.  Thanks, Noel.

He give Roz the thumbs up sign and leaves.

Frasier: Noel?  Noel Shempsky from Sales, that's who your date's with?
    Roz: Well, it's not a date.  We're just going out for a drink, okay?
Frasier: Noel the Mole?
    Roz: I know, he's not great-looking.  I know he drives a '73 Dodge 
         Polaris.  But he's always struck me as a really interesting guy.
Frasier: Mm-hmm...
    Roz: Look, the world is loaded with superficial guys.  You know, 
         I just want to go out with someone who has a good heart.  He's 
         smart.  He's substantial - and you know, considering my track 
         record lately I would hope you'd support me.  Is that asking 
         too much?
Frasier: Does Noel still have that autographed picture of Captain Kirk 
         in his cubicle?
    Roz: Why do I tell you anything?

She leaves.

FADE OUT

BOY N THE HOOD


Scene B: Frasier's Apartment, kitchen. 
Daphne is baking as Niles enters. 

  Niles: Knock, knock.  Can I be of any assistance?
 Daphne: Oh, no thank you, Dr. Crane, I think I have everything under 
         control.
  Niles: Do you mind if I linger then?  I've always been sort of a 
         kitchen person. 

He goes to lean on the cooker and knocks a ladle tumbling.

 Daphne: Suit yourself.  I like the company.

As they converse, Niles tries, but fails, to boost himself onto 
the counter to sit.

  Niles: How's dad's therapy going?
 Daphne: Well, we're getting more mobility in his hip, and his 
         flexibility's improving, but it's always a chore to get 
         him to do his exercises.  Of course, I've found the secret 
         is if I bribe him with sweets...

Niles takes a jump at the countertop and bangs his head on the extraction 
hood, bounces off the refrigerator and ends up on the floor.

 Daphne: Oh my goodness! 

Daphne kneels on the floor, cradles his head in her lap and strokes it.

 Daphne: Dr. Crane!  Dr. Crane, can you get up?
  Niles: No.  No, I think I'd better stay here for a few minutes.

Frasier enters the kitchen, having heard the crash.

Frasier: Dear God, I thought I heard...!  Niles, what are you doing? 
         [drags Niles to his feet]
 Daphne: I'm afraid he conked his head, on the hood there.
Frasier: [to Niles] You are shameless!
  Niles: Frasier, I have a very sore head and a crackerjack lawyer, 
         so don't crowd me.
 Daphne: Here. [gives Niles a wet cloth] Put this on it.
  Niles: Oh, thank you, Daphne.  You've been wonderful in this time of 
         crisis.
Frasier: Oh, come on, Camille! 

He pulls Niles out into the dining area.

Frasier: I need to talk to you.  Here, have a seat, right here. 
         Now listen Niles, I'm having a young lady over on Friday 
         night, I was hoping you could take Dad out for me. 
  Niles: Oh, I wish you'd said Saturday.
Frasier: Why, you have plans Friday?
  Niles: No, I have plans Saturday.
Frasier: Niles, just tell me that you'll do this for me?
  Niles: Oh, all right.
Frasier: Thank you.
  Niles: So... does this mean you're hoping to get lucky Friday night?
Frasier: Oh Niles, please.  Nobody refers to having sex as "getting 
         lucky" anymore.
  Niles: I do.

Martin enters, with Eddie.

 Martin: Hello, boys.
  Niles: Hey, Dad.
Frasier: Hi, Dad. [motions to Niles to do his party piece]
  Niles: Dad?  I was wondering if you'd be interested in joining Maris 
         and me Friday night.  We're dying to try the new rib joint 
         that's opened on Bellevue Way.  I understand if the onion 
         rings aren't as big as your head you get them for free.

He sounds uncomfortable just with the vocabulary.

 Martin: Well thanks, Niles, but I thought I'd spend a quiet evening at
         home.
  Niles: Oh, well then... [Frasier pushes him] Better yet, why don't 
         you come to our house?  We'll make dinner, and we'll even rent 
         an Angie Dickinson film.
Frasier: Ooh!
 Martin: All right, what's going on?  Frasier wants me out of here 
         because he has a date or something?

Beat.

  Niles: I'm sorry, Frasier, he sees things that others don't.
Frasier: Well, I'm sorry, Dad.  I guess I should have asked you myself.
 Martin: Oh, that's all right. [sitting in his chair] Yeah, I'll clear 
         out.  But just remember, one hand washes the other around 
         here.
Frasier: What does that mean?
 Martin: Well, as long as I'm clearing out for you Friday night, 
         you can clear out for me Thursday night.  I've got a date 
         with Elaine Morris from 14-12.
Frasier: Oh!  Well, well.  How long has this been going on?

As Martin talks, Niles stands behind his chair, grinning widely.

 Martin: Oh, she's had me over for coffee a couple of times.  Just 
         thought I'd like to have her over here for dinner. [without 
         looking back] Niles, wipe that stupid smirk off your face. 
         [Niles looks offended] What do you say, Frasier?
Frasier: Well, sure Dad.  I think that's terrific.  Oh listen, if there's
         a lull in the conversation, we've got all kind of board games 
         back here in the closet, we got playing cards - does she like 
         to play Canasta?
  Niles: Oh! - and PBS is running a wonderful documentary on the swing 
         bands of the 30's and 40's.
Frasier: Ooh, wow...
 Martin: Well, thanks a lot for all your help, boys, but I think we'll 
         just split a bowl of creamed corn, rub a little liniment into 
         each other's joints and fall asleep drooling on the couch!

FADE TO:

FOOT IN MOUTH DISEASE


Scene C: Frasier's Apartment, Kitchen. 
Friday morning.  Daphne is making breakfast at the stove.  Frasier
comes in wearing his dressing gown and pours himself coffee.

Frasier: Morning, Daphne.
 Daphne: Good morning, Dr. Crane.  I want to thank you again for the 
         show last night.  I've never been to experimental theatre 
         before.
Frasier: Don't mention it.  It was my pleasure.
 Daphne: Well, I think I understood most of it.  Only what did it mean 
         when the naked man came in, carrying a suitcase?
Frasier: [after a pause] I think it meant that he's packed too much.
 Daphne: Well, I'm sure your father appreciated having us out of the 
         house.

Frasier notices a smell in the air.

Frasier: What is that heavenly aroma?
 Daphne: I decided to prepare us a traditional English breakfast.  
         We have eggs, bangers - or as you call them, sausages—
         and to finish it off...

She opens the oven.

 Daphne: A batch of Grammy Moon's famous sticky buns!
Frasier: [smelling] Oh my, that's it!
 Daphne: Grammy made these every Sunday.  'Course, she added a pint of 
         rum to the recipe.  And nobody liked these more than Grammy 
         herself.  Many's the Sunday I'd head over to her house after 
         church, only to find her out in the garden in her wedding 
         dress, facedown in the birdbath.

Martin enters.

 Martin: Morning.
Frasier: Morning, dad. So... How was your date last night, huh?  
         Ha, boy, feels strange, you know?  A son asking his father 
         how his date was last night... 

Elaine walks in, pinning in one of her earrings. 

Frasier: When he could ask the date herself!
 Martin: Elaine, this is Daphne Moon, my son Frasier Crane, Elaine 
         Morris. [they all shake hands]
Frasier: So... so, it's a pleasure to meet you, Elaine.  It's ah... 
         I know that dad's wanted to have you for a long time - I mean,  
         for dinner!
 Elaine: Yes.  Well, I certainly enjoyed it.  But you know, Martin, 
         I... I really should be going.
 Martin: Oh no, no.  You should at least stay for breakfast, shouldn't 
         she, Fras?
Frasier: Oh yes, absolutely.
 Elaine: Well, I guess I could stay for coffee.
Frasier: Splendid, splendid, splendid.  So uh — so uh... what did you 
         two kids do last night?  Did you ah, play some games?  Well, 
         I mean, board games!  Not that you were bored - or excited... 
         well, not that I'd know anything - or should!  But ah... warm 
         buns, Elaine?  No, no, not yours!  I mean ours, ours! [picks 
         up Daphne's sticky buns] To eat, you see.  Have one, I'll have 
         one!  Warm!
 Martin: Why don't we go sit at the table?
 Elaine: Okay... [she goes out]
 Martin: [as he follows her, to Frasier] What the hell's wrong with you?
Frasier: I don't know!

They carry breakfast out to the dining area.

 Elaine: Well, uh... Frasier, you know, I really love your radio show.  
         My friends and I listen to it almost every day.
Frasier: Thank you.  That's always lovely to hear. 

Silence.

 Martin: Elaine's a buyer at Beaumarchais.
Frasier: Oh really, really?  I do-do a great deal of shopping there. 
         As a matter of fact, I bought the comforter on dad's bed 
         there, and, well, I supposed you noticed that... maybe you 
         didn't - I mean, I don't know if you had the lights on, or... 
         I mean, I don't know how you like it... I mean, how you... 
         light it!  How you like to light it! 

Daphne comes in with a large plate of sausage patties.  Frasier 
is thankful for a change of subject and seizes it. 

Frasier: Oh, banger, dad? 

Elaine chokes on her coffee.  Frasier cringes, realizing.

Elaine: [making for the door] You know, I really should be going, 
        I've got to get ready for work, it was nice meeting you 
        Daphne, and uh, Frasier.  Thanks for a lovely evening, 
        Martin.
Martin: I'll call you later.
Elaine: Yeah. 

She leaves.

Frasier: [to Daphne] You couldn't have served bacon?
 Daphne: Me?!  The way you were carrying on, I think we can be thankful 
         I didn't make Toad in the Hole! [exits to kitchen]
 Martin: Well, you handled that smoothly, Dr. Crane.
Frasier: I'm sorry, dad.  It just, really caught me off guard.
 Martin: Ah, that's ok.  I really ought to apologize.  I should have 
         warned you, but... I really didn't think it was going to 
         happen. [smiles] I'm pretty glad it did!
Frasier: So, you like Elaine?
 Martin: I like Elaine.
Frasier: So, dad...
 Martin: Yeah, yeah...
Frasier: You're back on the beat!
 Martin: All right.
Frasier: Lock up your daughters!
 Martin: Okay, okay.
Frasier: Oh, come on, you old...
 Martin: Frasier, don't push it!

End of Act One.

Act Two.

Scene A: Radio Station. 
Roz is introducing the next caller.

     Roz: One line one we have Marianne, she's concerned about her 
          daughter.
 Frasier: [on air] Hello Marianne, I'm listening.
Marianne: Kids - you can't live with them, you can't shove them back in 
          the womb.
 Frasier: Well, as we try to forget the image that that summons up, 
          how can I help you, Marianne?
Marianne: Well, two days ago, Judy, my twenty-two year old, arrived 
          home for a visit with her boyfriend.  I insisted that they 
          sleep in separate bedrooms.  She got furious with me, and 
          she's been giving me dirty looks all week.   Am I completely 
          out of line here?
 Frasier: Not at all.  I, I think that in your own house you make up 
          the rules.
Marianne: Thank you. 
 Frasier: But... are we sure there isn't something else going on here? 
          Perhaps you're having a problem thinking of your daughter as 
          an adult.  You see, we all have a tendency to freeze people 
          in roles with which we are most comfortable.  Especially when 
          it comes to that old bugaboo, sex.  You know, let me use 
          myself as an example.  As many of you know, my sixty-three 
          year old father recently moved in with me and, just this 
          morning over coffee, I discovered he had spent the night in 
          his room with a delightful creature named Elaine.  The entire 
          episode completely unnerved me.  Why?  Because I had never 
          thought of my father as a man with normal sexual urges.  
          To me he was always old plain old Dad.  Well, that's absurd.  
          My father is a witty, virile, charming man, possessed of the  
          hereditary Crane good looks, and what I suppose I'm driving 
          at is, that sexuality is a healthy part of adulthood, at any 
          age.  I think it's time we embrace that, don't you, Marianne?
Maryanne: Sorry, Dr. Crane, I gotta go.  I'm hearing noises from the 
          guest room. [hangs up]
 Frasier: Well, as Marianne rushes to the guest room with a bucket of 
          ice water, we will pause for these messages. [off air]
     Roz: Hey Frasier, that was a really good show.
 Frasier: Oh, thank you.  I thought so too.

Noel walks in.

   Noel: Hi, Dr Crane. [lovelorn] Hi, Roz.
    Roz: Hi, Noel. 
   Noel: I had a great time last night. 
    Roz: Me, too.
   Noel: I made you this spice rack. [hands it over] I especially 
         treated The back for easy wall adhesion.
    Roz: [who has already found that out] That was very thoughtful of 
         you, Noel.
   Noel: Well um, I gotta run.  I'll call you later. [gives the Vulcan 
         peace salute] Live long and prosper. 

He leaves.

Frasier: Ooh look, there's a place for cumin, most people overlook that.
    Roz: Just kill me.

Scene B: Frasier's Apartment. 
Martin and Daphne are there.  Martin is furious.

 Martin: I don't understand it.  Why would he say something like that 
         on the radio?
 Daphne: Did you know, when you get angry your ears turn red? [Martin 
         glares at her] See?  There they go.

Frasier arrives.

Frasier: Evening, everyone.
 Daphne: I'll be going to my room right now. [leaves, hurriedly]
Frasier: Hello, Eddie. [Eddie chases after Daphne] Well, I seem to have
         cleared the room.
 Martin: I want to talk to you, mister.
Frasier: Oh, sounds like someone's being taken out behind the woodshed.
 Martin: Don't tempt me.  Where the hell do you get off talking about 
         my personal life on your radio program?
Frasier: Are you discussing what I said about you and Elaine?
 Martin: You're damned right I am.  I've never been so embarrassed in 
         my Life.
Frasier: But dad, everything I said was flattering.
 Martin: Oh, yeah.  Telling all of Seattle about your old dad shacking 
         up with the neighbor lady.
Frasier: Oh, come on you old swordsman, I thought you'd get a kick out 
         of it.
 Martin: Knock it off, Frasier.  Thanks to you Elaine won't even talk 
         to me anymore.
Frasier: What for?  Just because of a harmless remark I made on the 
         radio?
 Martin: Hey, for your information, people of our generation think sex 
         is a private thing.  And I still think that's a pretty healthy 
         way of looking at it.  Sex is something between you, and the 
         person you're doing it to!
Frasier: Well, don't you think she's overreacting?
 Martin: Put yourself in her place.  She takes a chance and spends the 
         night with me.  Next thing she knows, it's being broadcast all 
         over Seattle.  I mean, her friends heard it and called her.  
         She's so embarrassed she's never been out of the house all 
         day, she won't even answer the phone now.
Frasier: I'm sorry, dad.
 Martin: Your sympathy touches me!
Frasier: Well look, look.  I caused a problem here, and I will take 
         care of it.
 Martin: Yeah?  Well, I'll be in my room, holding my breath.

He exits.  Eddie bounces over to stare at Frasier.

Frasier: I said I'd take care of it!

Scene C: Radio Station. 
Both Frasier and Roz are bored, listening to a caller (Al), 
who has the most tedious voice, ever.

     Al: [on air; tired, listless monotone] I hate my voice.  I mean, 
         I know no-one likes the sound of their own voice, especially 
         when they hear it on tape.  Because it doesn't sound as good 
         as it does in their own head.  But I hate my voice in my head 
         too. 

[Frasier finds himself a backscratcher.  Roz is eating Chinese takeout
in her booth.] 

     Al: And you can't get away from your own voice either, you know.  
         I've tried not listening to myself when I talk.  But I find 
         myself kinda saying things that don't make a lot of sense... 

Frasier starts playing around with the backscratcher, making Roz laugh.
He rolls down his sleeve and holds out the backscratcher like it's his 
hand, putting it to his face in shock, then scratching his armpit.

     Al: I hate my voice so much, I had to call a neighbor in to do the 
         message on my answering machine.  I don't like his voice very 
         much either, but it's better than mine...

Roz sticks two chopsticks in her mouth and holds her arms to her sides
like flippers, pretending to be a walrus.  Frasier laughs.

     Al: Not that I get a lot of calls...

Roz slips out of her chair and tumbles to the floor.  Frasier is alarmed 
for a second, but unable to stop laughing.

     Al: Well, you go figure.  Any advice, Dr Crane?

Quickly, Frasier and Roz resume their positions, though neither of them
has been listening to Al.

Frasier: Yes, yes uh, just go on with what you're doing, and everything 
         should turn out all right.  Thank you for your call. [line off] 
         Now, I'd like to end today's show on something of a personal 
         note.  I'm talking to one person in my audience.  Elaine - you 
         wouldn't answer my phone calls, you wouldn't come to the door, 
         so I hope you're listening.  And if you are, I want to apologize 
         for what I said on the radio.  I took something that was of a 
         private nature and turned it into public knowledge.  I promise 
         I will never do that again - well, except for this time, then 
         I promise I'll never do it again.  You see, the saddest thing 
         is, Elaine, that uh, that dad is paying for my mistake. 

He cues Roz, who starts playing a tape of "Moon River."

Frasier: Elaine... Martin cares for you.  And he misses you very much. 
         More than anything in the world, he'd like to be back together 
         with you.  And if you feel for him the way he feels for you, 
         I hope you'll find it in your heart to come to my place 
         tonight, at eight o' clock, for dinner.  A very romantic 
         dinner.  Thanks, Elaine.  This is KACL 780 AM, talk radio.  
         And I'm Frasier Crane... the Love Doctor.

He crosses his fingers at Roz, then goes to commercial.

FADE TO: 

Scene D: Frasier's Apartment. 
He and Daphne are laying a romantic dinner table for two.  
Frasier softly sings, "Moon River."

Frasier: Ah.  Well, the champagne's chilled, a platter of hors d'oeuvres,
         how are things in the kitchen?
 Daphne: The roast is out of the oven.  It looks beautiful.
Frasier: God, I hope this works, Daphne.
 Daphne: Well, I've been sending Elaine psychic messages all day.
Frasier: You're kidding.  You can transmit?  I thought you were just a 
         receiver.
 Daphne: Well, I'm giving it a try.  You know, "Elaine in 14-10, come 
         to dinner, come to dinner".
Frasier: That's very charming, Daphne, but Elaine's in 14-12.
 Daphne: Oh dear.  I guess I'd better set an extra place at the table, 
         then.

Martin enters from the bedroom, wearing a suit.

 Martin: Ah look, it's eight o' clock and I'm still a pumpkin.
Frasier: Dad, it is two minutes to eight, and why don't you just sit 
         down and relax?
 Martin: Oh, this is stupid.  She probably didn't even hear your show. 
         [then] Does this tie go with the jacket?
 Daphne: You look smashing.
 Martin: Oh, who the hell am I kidding?  She's not going to show up.  
         I don't know why I even- [the doorbell chimes]
Frasier: May I suggest we just skip the first course, which is crow, 
         and move directly to the hors d'oeuvres?
 Martin: Just shut up and answer the door.
Frasier: All right.

Frasier opens the front door to find a crowd of people standing there.

Marjorie: Excuse me, is this the Crane residence?
 Frasier: Yes it is.
Marjorie: Well, we've been waiting here for the last fifteen minutes. 
          Did Elaine show up, or did we miss her?
 Frasier: Who are all you people?
   Woman: We heard your show today.
Marjorie: Oh, it was so romantic, we all have our fingers crossed.
 Frasier: Yes, very kind.
Marjorie: I'm Marjorie, from down on eleven...
 Frasier: Hello, Marjorie.
Marjorie: And this is Norman...
 Frasier: Hello, Norman.  It's a pleasure.
Marjorie: And the rest of these people I don't know.
 Frasier: Nice to see you all. [sees the doorman] Tony?  Tony, what are 
          you doing here?  For God's sakes, shouldn't you be watching
          the door?
    Tony: Oh, don't worry, we're all locked in.  I have GOT to find out 
          how this ends, Doc.
  Martin: [coming to door] What's going on out here?
Marjorie: Is that him?

The crowd start ooh-ing and aah-ing.

Frasier: People, people, please.  Don't you have lives of your own?  
         For God's sake, beat it, scoot, scat..
 Martin: What's happening?
Frasier: This is a private situation here...

The lift doors open, revealing Elaine.  The crowd goes wild.  
Shocked, Elaine tries to retreat, Frasier attempts to pull her 
into the apartment.

Frasier: Please, please, come out here.
 Elaine: No, I'm going home.
Frasier: All right then, dad, dad you come in here. [hustles Martin 
         into the lift] All right everybody, back off, just back off!  
         Just give us some time, please! 

The doors close, leaving Elaine, Martin, and Frasier in the lift.

 Elaine: Oh, I knew I should never have come up here, nothing's changed.
Frasier: Elaine, please let me try to explain.
 Martin: You've done enough.
Frasier: Oh dad, please, what do you happen to know...
 Martin: Frasier, over there! [points to corner]
Frasier: Dad!
 Martin: Turn around! 

Frasier does so. 

 Martin: Look Elaine, I'm sorry about what happened.  You've got every 
         right to be mad.  But I thought what we had was pretty good, 
         and thanks to Radio Boy here, I think most of Seattle agrees 
         with me.  I'd sure hate to lose it, just because of one stupid 
         thing.  Come on, Elaine.  I had a great time on our date the 
         other night.  You gonna tell me you don't feel the same way?  
         You may not remember... but I have warm toes. 

Elaine melts a little and smiles.  Frasier glances back in surprise, 
but Martin turns him round again with a glare.

 Martin: Anyway, it's your choice, but I sure wish you'd come and have 
         dinner with me.

The lift reaches the fourteenth floor.  Elaine thinks for a moment
then presses the button for the nineteenth.  She turns around to
embrace Martin, then notices Frasier smiling at them.

 Elaine: Who said you could turn around?

Frasier turns back to the wall.  

In the hallway outside Frasier's apartment, the crowd is still there.

Marjorie: Look, it's coming back up!

The doors open, revealing Martin and Elaine in a clinch. 
The crowd ooh and aah again.

 Martin: [as he and Elaine enter apartment] All right, everyone. You've
         had your fun.  Show's over.  Nothing more to see.  Go back to 
         your homes.
Frasier: Yes, please folks.  Honor what the man says.  Thank you so 
         much for coming.  Thank you for your concern.  Let's expedite 
         this departure please, if you would. [the crowd leaves] Thank 
         you so much.  Goodbye. [Daphne joins him]
 Daphne: Well, I suppose we should give them their privacy.
Frasier: Yes.  Yes, I suppose you're right.  It's ironic, isn't it? 
         My sixty-three year old father with a bum hip is about to 
         embark on a night of romance, while the two of us, man and 
         woman, both attractive and eligible, and in the prime of our 
         lives, have nothing to do on a Saturday night.
 Daphne: You know, the answer to our problems may be right under our 
         noses.
Frasier: Yes Daphne, I think it is.
 Daphne: All right.  You go claim the washing machines, I'll go get the
         laundry.

End of Act Two.

Credits: 

Noel sneaks into Roz's booth and leaves a present.  He then sits in 
her chair, which he falls off when Roz walks in and discovers him.

ct One. 

Scene A: KACL Radio Station. 
Bulldog is in the middle of his show.  Frasier is watching from the 
corridor.

Bulldog: [on-air] ...4 for 17 on Sunday, he calls himself a quarterback?
         I've passed kidney stones with more accuracy!
Frasier: [to Roz, who's just passing by] Roz, Roz.  Listen, could you 
         go in there and get my briefcase for me?  I was just on my way 
         out but I left it in the studio.
    Roz: Why don't you go get it?
Frasier: Well, because every time I go in there, he puts me on the air 
         and humiliates me.
    Roz: Well, what do you think he does to me?  Last week when I went 
         in to get my car keys he introduced me as Martina Navratilova's
         girlfriend. [leaves]
Bulldog: [ringing a cowbell] Well Chuck, I'm really sorry I offended you. 
         Now why don't you put your skirt back on and do some dishes? 

Frasier opens the door and crawls into the studio.  His briefcase is 
sitting on the console near the door.  As he reaches out for it, 
Bulldog, who has seen him, picks up the briefcase and moves it to the 
other side.  Frasier, keeping his head down, reaches a hand over the 
console and gropes blindly for it. 

Bulldog: The lines are open.  And how about some real men calling instead 
         of crybabies like Chuck? 

He raps Frasier over the knuckles with his drumstick, making him
jump to his feet.

Bulldog: Well... look who's just crawled into the doghouse, it's Dr. 
         Frasier Crane!  And you know what we always do when we get a 
         house call from the doctor. [puts tape in machine]
   Tape: [Italian] Dropp-a your pants and bend over, I take-a your 
         temperature.
Frasier: Hello, Bulldog.
Bulldog: [holding up briefcase] So, doc?  Who's your pick for the Giants-
         Saints game this weekend?
Frasier: [wearily] The Giants.
Bulldog: You're kidding!
Frasier: The Saints?
Bulldog: You're kidding!
Frasier: Somebody has to win.
Bulldog: Yeah.  They would if the Giants and Saints were playing this 
         weekend! 

He plays a tape of a donkey braying, then throws the briefcase to
Frasier.

Frasier: Yes, that was very funny indeed. I wished you'd played it on 
         my show. It deserves to be heard by a much larger audience. 
         Hee haw!  Hee haw! [leaves]

FADE OUT

A CHUMP OFF 
THE OLD BLOCK


Scene B: The Frasier Residence. 
Daphne opens the door to Niles.

 Daphne: Hello, Dr. Crane.
  Niles: Hello, Daphne. [indicating package] I brought this for dinner.
 Martin: Hey, Niles.
  Niles: Dad.
 Martin: Kinda early.
  Niles: Well, I just put Maris on the train to Chicago.  And you know 
         how desolate I am without my Maris.
 Daphne: [opening package] Champagne?
  Niles: Goes with all occasions.  Can I be of any assistance in the 
         kitchen?
 Daphne: No, I have everything well in hand.
  Niles: Ah, well... lucky everything. 

He goes over to the table, where Martin is working out a chess problem.

  Niles: [as Martin reaches for a piece] Uh-uh. [Martin reaches for 
         another piece] Mmm-mmm.
 Martin: All right, what would you do?
  Niles: Well for starters, I'd take that corn-nut off the board.
 Martin: That corn-nut's my bishop.  Eddie ate the real one.
  Niles: In that case, corn-nut to Rook 7.

Frasier arrives.

Frasier: Hello all.
 Daphne: Evening, Dr. Crane.  Guess what your brother brought, champagne.
Frasier: Oh, Maris left for Chicago already?
  Niles: She's riding the rails as we speak.
 Daphne: If I may ask, why does she take the train?
  Niles: She's been afraid to fly since her harrowing incident.
 Daphne: Oh, dear.  Did a plane almost crash?
  Niles: No, no.  She was bumped from first class.  She still wakes up 
         screaming.
 Martin: Hey Frasier, I'm glad you're here, I've got a favour to ask you.
Frasier: What is it, dad?
 Martin: Well, you know my old buddy from the force Joe Linski's running
         the benefit for the Widows and Orphans fund this year, and he's
         doing one of those bachelor auctions and he's out looking for
         local celebrities and I thought if we could get somebody really
         famous from the radio station...
Frasier: Dad, say no more.  I'd be delighted to help.
 Martin: Great.  So you'll ask Bulldog tomorrow?
Frasier: ...Bulldog.
 Martin: Oh.  Well, you know, don't get me wrong, I was going to ask 
         you too.
Frasier: Mm-hmm?
 Martin: Yeah I was, I was.  I was just saving the best for last.
Frasier: A-ha.
  Niles: Oh Frasier, give him a break.  If he backpedals any faster, 
         he'll trip over his walker.
Frasier: All right, I'll do it.
 Martin: Oh, great!  I really appreciate it... you won't forget to ask 
         Bulldog, will ya?
Frasier: I'll leave a note on his hydrant.
 Daphne: A bachelor auction. I've always thought it would be fun to pick
         a man off the block to do my bidding and fulfill my every 
         desire. [then] Dr. Crane?
  Niles: [from his private little world] I'd love to. [realises Daphne 
         is offering him some champagne] I mean, ah... Frasier?  I was 
         just thinking, what if no-one bids?  What if you're left 
         standing there, with flop sweat trickling down your back, 
         amidst a great, gaping silence.
 Martin: It'll never happen, Niles.
Frasier: Thank you, dad.
 Martin: Yeah, we got a band!

FADE TO:

GOING ONCE


Scene C: Backstage at the bachelor auction.  Frasier and Bulldog 
are listening to the screams of the audience.

Announcer: [offstage, or rather, on stage, if you know what I mean] 
           Our next bachelor on the block is public television's own 
           cute and cuddly Mr. Science.
  Frasier: My God!  The estrogen levels are off the charts out there!
  Bulldog: Yeah, isn't it great?  I mean, deep down, chicks are just 
           like guys.  We all want the same thing.
  Frasier: Well, I've got news for them: Frasier Crane does not put out. 
           All they're getting for their little donation is a well-
           prepared gourmet meal and a handshake at the door.
  Bulldog: BORING!  My date gets a stretch limo, moon roof, dinner, 
           floor seats at the Sonics game and these incredible buns 
           of steel. [turns around] Feel 'em, doc.  Come on, feel 'em!
  Frasier: Thank you, no!

As Martin enters we hear the announcer on the stage say:-

Announcer: Please, please. Keep articles of clothing off the stage!
   Martin: Man, you show these women a little celebrity beefcake and 
           they go nutso.
  Frasier: I don't mind telling you dad, I'm a little bit nervous.  
           This is a textbook case of mob mentality.  I hope all 
           the fire exits are clearly marked.
   Martin: Ah, relax, relax, will ya?
  Frasier: Right, that's easy for you to say.  You're not the one jumping 
           into the Rottweiler pit with a pork chop around your neck!
   Martin: [spotting a celebrity] Hey Frasier, that's T.J. Smith, 
           he's a linebacker for the Seahawks.  They call him "The 
           Enforcer," he's put two quarterbacks in hospital already 
           this season. [goes over to T.J.] Hey, T.J.!  Marty Crane, 
           nice to meet ya.

The stage manager, a woman with a clipboard comes in.

  Manager: Number 19?
     T.J.: [to Martin] Please don't make me go out there.
   Martin: Oh, you'll be fine.  Don't worry, just go on out there and 
           have a good time. 

T.J. goes on stage.
 
   Martin: They're gonna have him for breakfast.

FADE TO:

GOING TWICE


Time passes.  T.J. stumbles in, a broken man.

Bulldog: Hey, T.J.  How was it, man?
   T.J.: It was horrible. They're like sharks at a feeding frenzy.  
         The one who bought me had this crazed look in her eye.

Roz sweeps in.

    Roz: Where do I pay?
Frasier: Roz!
    Roz: I saw what I wanted and I went after it. [T.J. makes to back 
         off] Stay!
Manager: Number 20? [this is Frasier]
Frasier: [nervously] That's me.
 Martin: You know son, I haven't had a chance to tell you how much I 
         appreciate this.  You know, having somebody like you in the 
         auction really adds class.
Frasier: My pleasure, dad.
 Martin: Now, if the bidding gets slow, drop a quarter and take a 
         couple of minutes to pick it up.

Frasier walks slowly out.

FADE TO:

...GONE


Time passes.

Announcer: Sold!  To that very determined lady in the back row for five
           hundred dollars.

Frasier re-enters.

  Bulldog: So Doc, who bought ya?
  Frasier: I have no idea.  Last thing I remember is someone shouting 
           out, "Shake your money maker."
  Manager: Number 21? [that's Bulldog]
  Bulldog: Ladies!  Start your engines! [exits]

A beautiful woman enters.

Christina: Dr. Crane?  Christina Harper.  I just bought you.
  Frasier: You?  You?  You... bought me.
Christina: I listen to your show all the time, I'm a big fan of yours.
  Frasier: Well, how... wonderful.  Ah, you bought me for, for five 
           hundred dollars.  That's a lot of money.
Christina: Oh, that's all right, I just did a big layout for "Seattle 
           Style."
  Frasier: Oh, are you a photographer?
Christina: No, I'm a model.
  Frasier: A model!  How wonderful.  For you.
Christina: So um, how about Friday?
  Frasier: Ah, Friday's fine.  I live at the Elliot Bay Towers on the 
           Counterbalance.  Ah, around seven?
Christina: Sounds great.  See you then.
  Frasier: Bye.

Christina exits as Bulldog enters.

  Frasier: [happily] That's my new owner.  She's a model.
  Bulldog: No kidding, she almost put my eye out.
  Frasier: So you're back awfully quick.
  Bulldog: Hey-hey!  I was one of the last guys out there!  The money 
           was running low, but! - there was still one rawhide chew toy 
           out there for the Bulldog. 

Daphne enters, in a state of shock. 

  Bulldog: [leaves, saying to her as he slaps her behind] I gotta take 
           a squirt.  When I come back, we'll play fetch.

He slaps Daphne's backside and exits.

  Frasier: Oh my God, Daphne.  Why? 
   Daphne: Things were slowing down, so your father asked me to shill. 
           I opened at a hundred dollars, who knew that would be the 
           only bid?

FADE TO:

Scene B: The Frasier Residence. 
Frasier is making the final touches for his date.  He wheels a restaurant
cart out to the living room.  The doorbell bing-bongs.  Frasier answers 
it to- 

  Frasier: Christina.  Buenas noches.
Christina: Hi, Frasier.  Sorry I'm late, but I got a last minute call 
           for a job.
  Frasier: Oh, well that's all right, you're here now, and you look 
           enchanting.
Christina: No, you don't understand.  The job's tonight. But we could 
           have dinner later.
  Frasier: Oh, well I suppose that's all right.
Christina: I hope you didn't go to too much trouble?
  Frasier: Oh, no-no-no-no-no.
Christina: [looking at room] You rented a restaurant trolley.
  Frasier: No, no, I own it.  Don't tell me that you don't have one?
Christina: There's just one more thing.  Um, my friend Sandy got called 
           in on the same job, and she was supposed to look after my 
           daughter. 

She indicates the corridor.  Frasier looks out to find a young girl
standing there.

  Frasier: Don't tell me you want me to babysit?
Christina: Look, I wouldn't do this, but I'm really in a jam.  Look, 
           Sandy'll take her as soon as we get back, and umm, that'll 
           leave just the two of us.
  Frasier: Christina, I'm not really sure if I can... 

He catches onto her look.

  Frasier: I'll make a lot of points for this, won't I?
Christina: A ton.
  Frasier: Bring the darling in.
Christina: Dr. Crane, this is my daughter Renata.
  Frasier: Hello. [she says nothing]
Christina: She's shy at first.  See you later. 

She exits.

  Frasier: Well... come on in, have a seat.  Can I get you, um, a soft 
           drink?  Goose liver pate?  Renata, that's a pretty name. 
           I suppose it has some poetic, romantic significance... 
   Renata: Can I use your phone?
  Frasier: Now, Renata.  We're going to be spending the evening 
           together, let's try to make the best of it, shall we?  I may 
           surprise you, you know.  I'm probably more "with it" than 
           you think I am... the phone's right there.

End of Act One.
 
Act Two

SHRINK RAP


Scene A: Time Lapse at Frasier's Apartment. 
Frasier is at the table, Renata is throwing treats to Eddie whilst 
talking to her friend on the phone.

 Renata: No way!  That is so fresh.  No way.  No way.  No... way.  Hold 
         on, there's another call. [changes lines] He'll call you  
         back. [switches back] No way...
Frasier: Who was that?
 Renata: I don't know. [into phone] No way!  Oh god, another call's 
         coming in.
Frasier: [taking phone] Do you mind?  I'll answer this one, thank you. 
         Hello? [gives phone back] It's for you.
 Renata: Hello?  Hey, Tiffany. 
Frasier: Tiffany?  I thought you just spoke to Tiffany?
 Renata: That was Tiffany Schwartz.  This is Tiffany Martinez.
Frasier: Celebrate the ethnic mosiac that is America, but nonetheless...
         [takes phone and hangs up]
 Renata: What's your damage?
Frasier: Well, I'll tell you what my damage is, young lady.  You've been 
         Talking on the phone for an hour and a half.  You haven't said 
         a word to me except to ask for more Cheetos. [Eddie barks] 
         They're coming, Eddie!
 Renata: Excuse me.  Like I'm supposed to be happy I'm here?  Her 
         Fabulousness dumps me with a total stranger who could be 
         a total perv.
Frasier: Well, I'm not exactly thrilled about it either, but your mother
         was in a bind.  And for the record, I am not a perv.
 Renata: You don't get it.  She is always doing stuff like this.  She's 
         a flake.
Frasier: Nonetheless, flake or not, you are in my charge.  I think it's 
         Time you had something that was a bit more nutritious.  Now, 
         how about some seafood crepes?  Lobster Neuberg? [gives up] 
         Corn dog dipped in curare?

[N.B. Curare - a VERY powerful neurotoxin found in South America.]

 Renata: You got any raw cookie dough?
Frasier: Even more lethal.  Yes, just come on into the kitchen, we'll 
         See what we've got.
 Renata: You know, you wouldn't have gotten anywhere with this gourmet 
         Meal routine.  She eats like, nothing.  She's a total diet 
         freak.  That's all she talks about, besides herself.
Frasier: You don't care much for your mother, do you?
 Renata: Well, duh.
Frasier: You know, I have a son.  I'd hate to think by the time he's 
         your age, he thinks of me as some sort of, um...
 Renata: Dweeb?
Frasier: Thank you.
 Renata: Brace yourself.
Frasier: Oh well, look what we have here. [pulls a packet of cookie dough
         from the freezer] Will one tube suffice? 

He cuts the packet in half and gives one to Renata. 

Frasier: Put that in your pipe and smoke it. 

Reset to the Living Room, as they come back in.

Frasier: Well now, Renata, you know, I am a psychiatrist.  And um, if 
         you're having problems with your mother I'd be glad to listen.
 Renata: You mean you want me to tell you all my problems like those 
         Gomers on your show?  Like you care.
Frasier: I do care about the Gomers.  I even care about you.
 Renata: Don't make me hurl! [Frasier gives up and sits down] She keeps
         telling people I'm younger than I am.
Frasier: Why do you think she does that?
 Renata: So they won't know how old she is. I've been nine for the past 
         three years.
Frasier: Really?
 Renata: That's nothing.  Once, she promised to take me ice-skating for 
         my birthday?  On the way there she saw a tattoo parlor.  So she 
         just left me out on the sidewalk 'til she could get a stupid 
         butterfly tattooed on her shoulder.  It's like she forgot I 
         was even out there.
Frasier: My God!  How old were you?
 Renata: That was the first time I was nine.
Frasier: What does your father say about all this?
 Renata: Tony?  He's on the road with Whitesnake all the time.
Frasier: Whitesnake?  Is that a musical group or a pet?
 Renata: It's his new wife.

FADE TO:

DRIVING MISS DAPHNE


Scene B: Back of Bulldog's stretch limo. 
He and Daphne are leaving the game.  Daphne is a little tipsy.

 Daphne: I must confess, I was a little apprehensive about going out 
         with you tonight. But I'm actually having a jolly time.  Unless 
         of course it's the champagne getting to me.  I have had quite 
         a bit, haven't I?  Oh, who cares?  That's the beauty of being 
         in a limo.  Unless of course the driver's drinking. [into 
         intercom] You're not drinking, are you? [to Bulldog] He's not 
         drinking.  Let's drink to the driver not drinking.
Bulldog: Man, you're really looped, this is great.

Outside, someone leans on their horn.

 Daphne: Well, that's annoying, isn't it?  Certainly is taking a long 
         time getting out of this parking lot.  Did I mention this was 
         my first basketball game?  Yes, of course I did, three or four 
         times.  I still can't get over those players.  They are 
         positively gigantic.  Not that being tall is the only measure 
         of a man... but it's a bloody good one. [bursts out laughing] 
         Oh dear, I just insulted you, didn't I?  Sorry.  Oh well, you 
         can take it, you're a tough little nut.

Even Bulldog cannot help but be turned off by her drunkenness.

 Daphne: Oh, dear.  This is not good.  Not good at all.
Bulldog: What, you don't like the champagne?
 Daphne: No, I can see the bottom of me glass.
Bulldog: [refilling Daphne's glass] Well, bottoms up!
 Daphne: Oh, you are a naughty boy.  Now don't go getting any ideas.  
         Oh, look who I'm saying this to.  You don't have an idea in 
         your head! [laughs] Did it again.  I insulted you.  Let's 
         drink to that.  Boom! 

She knocks her glass on Bulldog's forehead.  Outside, the car horns 
start up again.

 Daphne: Now that is downright rude. [lowers window and yells through a 
         speaker-cone] Hey, you there!  You in the Firebird!  Yes, you! 
         Stop that honking!  Now, now, just because you look stupid 
         doesn't mean you have to act stupid!
Bulldog: Hey!  Don't aggravate him, we're kinda pinned in here.
 Daphne: Oh, posh!  Civilization's not going to progress one iota 
         unless someone points out when people's manners are remiss. 
         [from outside we hear someone shouting, "Move it!"] OH, SHUT 
         YOUR BLOODY CAKEHOLE!
Bulldog: Don't do that! [looks out] Great, now he's getting out of his 
         car!
 Daphne: Ooh, he's a tall one too.
Bulldog: Quick, roll up your window, lock the door.
 Daphne: Don't be stupid, he's not going to hurt a woman.
Bulldog: Just roll it up, roll it up!

Bulldog's door opens and he starts getting pulled out of the limo.

 Daphne: Get your bloody claws off him!  Let him go, you big ugly oaf!
Bulldog: SHUT UP!!! 

He gets pulled out of the car while Daphne waves her fists, shadow-
boxing.  As his door slams, the limo starts to roll.

 Daphne: Oh.  Well, we're moving. [through the speaker-cone, to Bulldog 
         outside] Thank you, Pitbull!  I had a lovely time! 

She falls over while attempting to finish the champagne.

FADE TO:

Scene C: Frasier's Apartment. 
He and Renata are sitting at the dinner table, eating the cookie dough.

Frasier: You know, this cookie dough is not that bad.  Of course, I'm 
         Sure later I'll be hurling. [the doorbell bing bongs] Ah, that 
         must be Her Fabulousness.  Want to take the rest home with you?
 Renata: I'd better not.  If I gain an ounce, she goes ballistic.  She 
         makes me weigh in every morning.
Frasier: You poor thing!
 Renata: I'm used to it.

Frasier opens the door to Christina.

Christina: Hi, I'm back. [kisses Frasier] Renata, honey. [kisses her] 
           Sandy's waiting downstairs in the car.
  Frasier: Renata, I must say I had a rather enjoyable evening.
   Renata: You don't get out much, do you? [leaves]
  Frasier: You know, I think she likes me.
Christina: Well uh, thank you for helping me out.  Now, roll out that 
           trolley, I'm starving.
  Frasier: You know, Christina, I don't think so.  I think you ought to 
           go home and spend the evening with your daughter.
Christina: But I thought we had a date?
  Frasier: Well, you know, when we first met, I was, well, attracted by 
           your remarkable beauty. But now that I know a bit more about 
           you, well suddenly you don't look so good, sister.
Christina: Excuse me?
  Frasier: A daughter is a privilege, not an inconvenience.  You don't 
           Leave her standing on some street corner while you're inside 
           getting tattooed!  Or keep her in some ageless Never-never 
           Land where everyone is nine for ever and ever!
Christina: Renata told you I did that.
  Frasier: Yes!  She also told me about the morning weigh-in's.  And the 
           time you left her with the coat-check girl at the Palladium, 
           so you could go dancing!  I mean, what kind of excuse for a 
           mother are you, anyway?
Christina: Well.  Did it ever occur to you that she might be lying?  
           'Cause this is the first night I've been out in over a year. 
           God knows John and Maryanne never take her.
  Frasier: Who are they?
Christina: Her father and his new wife.
  Frasier: Oh, who are Tony and Whitesnake?
Christina: Our two dogs.  Do you know what I do most nights?  I stay 
           home.  And I help her with her homework, or French lessons. 
           Oh, except last Saturday, when I took her and her twelve 
           friends to an ice-skating party.
  Frasier: I don't suppose there's any chance that during that party you 
           got your shoulder tattooed?
Christina: [lowers her coat and turns round] Do you see anything there?

Of course, Frasier sees no tattoo — only the smooth, flawless skin of
her back — which, he realizes, is all he'll ever see of her.

  Frasier: No.  But then my eyes are tearing up.  But why would she lie?
Christina: Because she's twelve, and she's mad at me.  She wanted to 
           stay home alone, and I wouldn't let her.  I probably would 
           have been better off if I had.  God, some shrink you are!
  Frasier: Please don't go, child development is not my thing.  My 
           specialty is adult relations.
Christina: Well, you won't be having any of those tonight.
  Frasier: Christina, please don't go, I...
Christina: [getting into lift] Oh, and by the way - I only have 
           one kidney.  Guess who has the other?

Frasier absorbs this parting shot with a mortified look, as the 
elevator doors close.

FADE TO:

Scene D: Time lapse.  Frasier's Apartment. 
He's sharing the cookie dough with Eddie — and we do mean sharing. 
He takes a bite, then lowers it for Eddie to lick and nibble.  
Then, beyond caring, he takes another bite himself.

Martin enters.

 Martin: Is the coast clear?  What happened to the supermodel?
Frasier: She left.
 Martin: Oh.  Was kinda afraid I might walk in on an embarrassing moment.
Frasier: Should have been here half an hour ago.
 Martin: Well, your date's left, what are you doing still sitting up?
Frasier: I was wondering if my sweet little boy's going to turn out to 
         be a monster when he's twelve.
 Martin: What the hell brought that up?
Frasier: Oh, it's a long story.  Do you really want to hear it?
 Martin: Well, it is getting late.  Look, all kids are the same.  They 
         start out cute, then somewhere along the way they get into that 
         obnoxious, know-it-all stage and you think they'll never grow 
         out of it.
Frasier: But eventually they do?
 Martin: I'm still hoping.

The phone rings, Frasier answers.

Frasier: Hello?  Oh, Daphne.  How was your evening? ...No way!

Martin reacts.

End of Act Two.

Credits: 

In the limo, Frasier and Martin have joined Daphne in the back of the limo.  
The boys finish off the champagne, while Daphne has a glass of seltzer.

Act One. 

Scene A: KACL corridor. 
Frasier is showing Martin round his workplace.

Frasier: Okay, dad.  Now, you've seen the executive offices, the 
         advertising offices and the lunchroom.  And we now finally 
         come to the sanctum sanctorum: my studio. [points to his 
         picture on the wall] You might recognize that handsome rogue 
         over there. 
 Martin: Wow.  Your head photographs even bigger than it is.
Frasier: Very droll.  Get in. [opens door and enters recording studio] 
         This is what we in the radio game call "The Booth."  It is 
         here That I sit, day after day, and dispense the advice that 
         helps the emotionally distraught through their troubled lives.
 Martin: [checking window] Do you suppose this stuff's bulletproof?
Frasier: Dad, you know, you could have gone home after lunch.  I just 
         brought you here because I thought you'd enjoy it. [Martin 
         goes to press a button] NOW DON'T TOUCH THAT!  It's a very 
         sophisticated piece of electronic equipment!
 Martin: What is it?
Frasier: I have no idea, Roz told me never to touch it!  You see dad, 
         the usual procedure begins with...
 Martin: [into mike] Testing!  Testing!
Frasier: Dad.
 Martin: Testing.
Frasier: Dad, dad, look, let's just go into Roz's booth, okay?  You can 
         touch anything you want to in there.

They go into Roz's area just as she comes in.

    Roz: Hey, Frasier.
Frasier: Oh, hello Roz. 
    Roz: Hi, Mr. Crane.
 Martin: Hi.
    Roz: What brings you here?
Frasier: Well, I'm just showing dad around, then he's gonna sit and 
         listen to the show.
 Martin: Yeah, it's kinda like payback for when Frasier and Niles were 
         kids.  I used to take them to the police station and show them 
         where I worked.
Frasier: Yes, he made a big game of locking us in one of the cells and
         pretending to lose the key.
 Martin: I was just joking with them, I knew they weren't scared.
Frasier: Well no, we weren't really scared, although after a while we 
         did become quite hungry.
    Roz: Hey Frasier, could you lend me ten bucks?
Frasier: Did you leave your wallet home, or something?
    Roz: No, I gave the last of my money to this poor guy down in front
         of the building.  He's an Australian tourist, he lost his 
         wallet and he just needed ten dollars...
 Martin: So he could take a cab to the Australian Consulate before it 
         closes?
    Roz: Yeah.  How'd you know?
 Martin: There is no Australian Consulate in Seattle.
    Roz: Ooh.  That poor guy!
Frasier: Roz, it's a scam.  He scammed you.
    Roz: No, this guy was for real, honest.  He even said...
 Martin: "If you give me your address, I'll send you the money back 
         with interest."
    Roz: [realizing] God, I'm an idiot.
 Martin: No, don't feel bad.  These guys are professionals. [presses 
         the fast forward button on a reel-to-reel recorder]
    Roz: [coming to rescue] DON'T TOUCH THAT!
 Martin: What is this place, a radio station or a nuclear missile site?  
         Now, listen Roz, don't feel bad.  I was a cop for thirty years, 
         and they could still fake me out once in a while. These guys 
         are professionals, they know what to do.
Frasier: Especially if you're an easy mark like Roz.
 Martin: Hey, the criminal mind is more complex than you think.  They 
         can fool you.
Frasier: Oh, by all means dad, lecture me on the complexities of the 
         human mind.  Are you forgetting that I graduated with honors 
         from Harvard in Psychosocial Behaviorism?
 Martin: I know, I was at your graduation.  Impressive bunch.  A car 
         backfired and half of them wet their gowns.
Frasier: It sounded louder on the dais!  All I'm trying to say is, 
         if it were me on the street, I wouldn't have been fooled.
 Martin: Oh, you think because of your book smarts, that you can spot a
         crook just like that, huh?
Frasier: Well if I can't, I'm in the wrong business.
 Martin: You want to put your money where your mouth is?
Frasier: What do you mean?
 Martin: Well, I've got three people coming over for poker tonight.  
         Two of them are cops, the third one's done time in jail.  
         I'll bet you five bucks you can't tell which one's the ex-con.
    Roz: Hey, can I get in on the action?
Frasier: Of course you can.
    Roz: Great.  Ten bucks on your dad.
Frasier: Oh, you're just itching to give your money away today, 
         aren't you?  All right, you're both on.  But I think 
         you're underestimating me.  What truffles are to pigs, 
         so are these charlatans and pettifoggers to my mental 
         acuity. 

He goes into his booth, as Roz mouths, "What?" at Martin.

 Martin: We didn't know better back then.  His mother smoked during 
         pregnancy.

FADE OUT

PICK A CON, ANY CON


Scene B: Frasier's residence. 
Frasier is lighting the fire while Martin sets up the poker table. 
Daphne enters.

 Daphne: So, who are these people coming over tonight?
Frasier: Oh, just some of dad's old friends from the precinct.
 Daphne: Yeah well, if we're having company, someone should have been 
         cleaned up.  Because someone hasn't been smelling so fresh 
         lately.  Because someone is long overdue for a tub.
 Martin: Hey, I took a shower this morning.
 Daphne: You know I was talking about Eddie.  He's long overdue for a...
 Martin: Hey, don't!  Don't say that word.
 Daphne: What word?
 Martin: B-A-T-H. 

Eddie rushes off.

Frasier: When he yawns it may smell like swamp gas, but his spelling's 
         improving.

The doorbell bing-bongs.  Frasier goes to answer it.

 Daphne: I've made meatball sandwiches, pepperoni pizzas and uh, little
         sausage rolls.  Will you be needing anything else?
Frasier: The number of the nearest gastroenterologist. [opens door]
 Martin: Hey guys, come on in. 

Martin's three friends enter: a heavyset man in his fifties (Frank),
a woman of the same age (Linda), and a younger man (Jimmy).  They 
say hi.

 Martin: These are my poker pals.  This is Linda, Frank and Jimmy.
Frasier: [shaking hands] Linda, Frank, Jimmy.
 Martin: This is my son, Frasier.  Throw your coats on the couch. 
         [Frasier scrutinizes them] Kinda hard to tell, isn't it?  
         They all look like they did time.
Frasier: Well, my dad tells me he's filled you in on our little bet. 
         Now the ground rules for tonight are that I'm not allowed to 
         ask you any questions directly about your line of work, but 
         whatever questions I do ask, you must answer truthfully.
  Frank: All I want to do is play cards.
  Jimmy: Great place you've got here, Martin.
 Martin: Ah, thanks.
Frasier: Actually, it's mine.
  Jimmy: Boy, you must do pretty well on that radio show of yours. 
         What is this place, about two thousand square feet?
Frasier: About.  Hmm... that's interesting, you noticed the space. 
         Most people mention the view and the high ceilings, but you, 
         you mentioned the space.  It's almost as if you'd spent some 
         time living in a cramped, confining, tight area.
  Frank: So you've been to Jimmy's apartment, huh?
 Daphne: [comes in from the kitchen with a tray of beers] Hello there.
 Martin: Oh hi, Daphne.  This is Daphne Moon, these are my friends, 
         Linda, Frank, Jimmy.
  Frank: Very pretty name.  Do people call you Daffy for short?
 Daphne: Not twice.  Well, it's nice to meet all of you.  Here you go, 
         I've got beers for everyone.
  Frank: Still drinking the Ballantines, I see.
  Linda: Yeah.  When you kick off, that company's going down the tubes.
 Daphne: Oh, yeah.  Many's the time I come home to see cans of them, 
         lined up one after another on the coffee table, like little 
         tin soldiers they are...
 Martin: Yeah, thanks a lot, Daphne.  Don't you have a dog to wash?
 Daphne: Well, I suppose I do.  Of course, I have to catch the little 
         bugger first.  Oh, [taking can of beer] maybe one of these 
         would help.
  Jimmy: Hey, beer's not good for dogs.
 Daphne: No, but it's super for me. [exits]
  Jimmy: Marty, she's pretty nice.
  Linda: Yeah, and sexy too, you dirty old man!
 Martin: Oh... 
Frasier: Interesting... you find her attractive, do you?
  Linda: Sure, don't you?
Frasier: Yes, but I mean, attraction to one's own sex is a not uncommon
         result of long-enforced periods of time spent exclusively in 
         their company.
 Martin: Wow, Frasier.  I may have underestimated you.
Frasier: Really?
 Martin: Yeah, you're making a bigger jackass of yourself than I thought.
  Jimmy: [starting game] High card deals.
Frasier: You know, we could really use some music.  Anybody play the 
         harmonica?
  Frank: All right, my deal.  Dollar in to start, five card draw, jacks 
         or better to open and the three raise maximum.
 Martin: Sure you don't want to play, Fras?
Frasier: Oh, no-no-no-no-no, I'll just take this time to observe the 
         triumvirate.  I believe in my considerable education, my years 
         of study and not to mention, well... alright, let's say it, 
         my God-given gift to intuit.
  Frank: This is the kid who used to get his head flushed in the toilet,
         right?

Time Lapse.  Frasier is still studying the poker players.

  Frank: Okay, I call.  What do ya got?
  Linda: Full boat, aces up.
  Frank: Damn it!  That's another one.  I'm losing my shirt here.
 Daphne: Would somebody mind giving me a hand with the coffee?
  Jimmy: Yeah.  I'll give you a hand.
 Daphne: Come along then.

The poker group takes a break.

  Jimmy: I really like your accent.  Where are you from?
 Daphne: Manchester.
  Jimmy: Manchester.  That's where the Beatles are from, right?
 Daphne: Oh, no-no.  You're thinking Liverpool.
  Jimmy: Then who's from Manchester?
 Daphne: No-one.  That's why I live here now.

She and Jimmy exit to the kitchen.

 Martin: [to Frasier] You've been awfully quiet there.
Frasier: I'm sorry, dad.  Just been observing.
 Martin: No no, don't apologize, it was a compliment.
Frasier: Frank's an interesting study, isn't he?  Temper, loner, a bit 
         unsocial.  Almost a stereotypical portrait of a man who's 
         spent his entire life behind bars.
  Frank: [examining one of Frasier's objets d'art] This dish a Lalique 
         or a Steuben?
 Martin: They had no spots open in the prison laundry, he worked in 
         fine china and glassware.

Time Lapse.  The poker group are settling their debts. 

  Frank: [to Linda] Here you go, big winner.  Buy yourself something 
         pretty and frilly.
  Linda: Sorry Frank, I can't hear you.  I've got your money stuck in 
         my ears.
 Martin: Well, I guess there's only one thing left.  How about it, 
         Fras?  You figured it out yet?
Frasier: Actually, I believe I have.  Shall we step into the drawing 
         room?  Please have a seat.
 Martin: Okay, Sherlock.  You've got center stage.
Frasier: I have sketched an accurate psychological profile of each one 
         of you.  And in so doing I have come to the incontrovertible 
         conclusion that the criminal among us can only be... FRANK!
 Martin: Wrong.  Frank's a highly decorated undercover cop.
Frasier: Exactly!  Just a little too obvious, you know.  The broken 
         vocabulary, the jailhouse pallor, the underdeveloped social 
         skills...
  Frank: Hey.
Frasier: [to Martin] So, you tried to use psychology against me, did 
         you?  Threw a gender bender at me.  Thinking I'd just assume 
         that a felon would naturally be a man.  Well, I'm on to your 
         little game, mister.  The criminal among us is indeed, the 
         very wily Linda!
  Linda: Nope.
Frasier: JIMMY!
 Martin: Hey.  You're right.
Frasier: Damn it... you seem like such a nice guy.
  Jimmy: I am a nice guy.
 Martin: He was voted most congenial in his cellblock.
  Jimmy: Sorry, doc.  I'm afraid you owe your old man five bucks.
Frasier: Yeah, I'm afraid I do. [searches in his pockets for his wallet]
  Jimmy: Oh. [giving Frasier his wallet back] You'll probably use this.
  Linda: Well, it's been a lot of laughs, but it's getting late.  We 
         better get going.
  Frank: Yeah, you're right.  Thanks a lot, Marty.
 Martin: Oh, yes.  Great.
Frasier: It's been very pleasant.  You'll all come again, any time you 
         like. [to Jimmy] Hopefully when we're here, of course.
  Frank: Goodnight, Marty,
 Martin: See ya.
  Jimmy: Next week, Marty.
 Martin: Yeah, yeah.

The poker gang leave.

Frasier: Jimmy.  Boy, who woulda thought?  How do you even know that guy,
         dad?
 Martin: Ah, he was a jailhouse snitch, he helped us out a couple of
         times.  Right, he's great company, but I wouldn't trust him 
         for a second if he wasn't surrounded by cops.
 Daphne: [who's come in to clear table] Who's a jailhouse snitch?
 Martin: Jimmy.
 Daphne: Jimmy's an ex-con?
Frasier: [handing over five dollars] Well, you certainly made your point.
         I feel stupid as hell.
 Daphne: I feel rather a fool meself.
 Martin: Why would you care, one way or another?
 Daphne: Because... I've agreed to go out with Jimmy tomorrow night.
 Martin: You did what?!
 Daphne: He asked me if I'd like to go out for drinks with him to a place
         called the Topaz Room, meet some of his friends.  It sounded
         harmless enough.
 Martin: Well, it's out of the question!  You're gonna have to call him 
         and cancel!
 Daphne: But you said yourself he was fun to spend time with.
 Martin: I said DO time with.  No, no.  You just can't go.  Case closed, 
         that's all there is to it.
Frasier: Dad, excuse me, if I can interrupt that self-righteous policeman
         mentality for a second, don't you believe in second chances?
 Martin: I did.  Then we had Niles.
Frasier: Well, I believe that when a man has paid his debt to society 
         he deserves a fresh start.  I see no harm in her going out 
         with him once.
 Martin: Well, I do!  She's not going.
Frasier: I say she is.

They argue for a few moments, until- 

 Daphne: Excuse me?  Gentlemen?  But might I interject one tiny little 
         thought into this conversation?
Frasier: Of course, Daphne.
 Daphne: BELT UP!  BOTH OF YOU!  It may have escaped your notice, 
         but I happen to be a grown woman, and nobody has told me 
         whom I might or might not date since I was a schoolgirl.  
         And I didn't listen then.  Now, when I've quite made up my 
         mind about what I plan to do about Jimmy, I'll let you know.  
         But right now, I'm going to my room.  You two hens have wasted 
         enough of my time. 

She exits left.

Frasier: That would have been a very dramatic exit, if only her room 
         was down that hall.

Daphne walks in and through to her bedroom.

 Martin: I still don't think she should be going out with that guy.
Frasier: Oh, don't worry, she won't.
 Martin: How do you know?
Frasier: Well, because she has too much respect for your opinion.  
         She won't go against your wishes if I'm any judge of 
         character.
 Martin: Oh, dear God.

End of Act One.
 
Act Two.

Scene A: Cafe Nervosa. 
Frasier and Niles are ordering.

  Niles: [to waiter] I'll have a decaf latte, and please be sure to use
         skim milk.
Frasier: I'll have the same.
 Waiter: Got it. [to barista] Two Gutless Wonders!
  Niles: Thank you. [to Frasier] Certainly playing fast and loose with 
         his tips for a man who drives a van.  Oh, oh-oh-oh, Frasier.  
         How was your encounter with dad's poker buddies last night?
Frasier: Ah... 
  Niles: I must tell you - the picture of you trying to make 
         conversation with dad's blue-collar cronies all evening 
         is priceless.   When I told Maris about it, it was all she 
         could do to keep her eyes from dancing.
Frasier: Actually, it was really rather interesting.  You know, one of 
         them actually did time in prison for fraud?
  Niles: Good lord!  What was he like?
Frasier: Actually, he was quite personable.  You know dad, he's so 
         judgmental.   
  Niles: He is, and I've often condemned him for it.
Frasier: For some reason, you know, just because the man was in prison 
         he seems to have marked him for life.
  Niles: It's ridiculous.  Not all criminals are recidivists.  I've 
         seen many cases where after they've paid their debt to society 
         they've gone on to lead productive lives.  Dad's just being 
         narrow-minded.
Frasier: Hmm.  Yes, I almost had to sedate him when Daphne announced 
         that she was going to go out with him.

Niles gasps... twice.

  Niles: Frasier, I hope you're just yanking my giggle chain.
Frasier: What do you mean?
  Niles: You're telling me that you're letting this English rose be 
         sullied by some sociopath?
Frasier: Niles, he passed bad checks.  He's not a sociopath.
  Niles: He's a degenerate who should be put away forever!
Frasier: You haven't even met him.
  Niles: Oh, for God's sake, they're all depraved animals!
 Waiter: [bringing over coffee] Here's your coffee.  Anything else?
  Niles: Yes, the check please, and quickly.  Frasier, we've got to 
         rescue her!
Frasier: Oh Niles, Niles, just sit down and relax, for God's sakes.  
         You're being irrational.
  Niles: Don't you DARE call me irrational!  You know that makes me 
         crazy!
Frasier: Now, Niles.  Listen, I think Jimmy's a perfectly nice guy.  
         And besides, Daphne can take care of herself.
  Niles: I don't care, I'm going after her. [gets up and puts on his 
         coat] I'm not without resources.  My Tae Kwon Do instructor 
         tells me I'm just two moves away from becoming quite 
         threatening!
Frasier: Niles, just listen to me for a second.  You know perfectly 
         well that she'll resent any interference.  Now, you want to 
         make a fool of yourself, go right ahead, but don't ask me to 
         join you.
  Niles: That's fine.  Just tell me where they went.
Frasier: Someplace called the, uh, the Topaz Room.
 Waiter: [who's brought the check] The Topaz Room?  I thought the cops 
         shut that place down after the last shooting.
Frasier: I'll drive! 

They exit, forcefully.

FADE TO:

ODDBALL IN THE CORNER POCKET


Scene B: The Topaz Room, a gritty bar. 
Daphne is playing pool with the regulars.  Her opponent (Leo) plays 
and misses the eight ball.

    Leo: Your shot, girlie. 

Daphne leans over the table to line up her shot.  The other patrons try 
to get a good look at her bottom. 

    Leo: But before you take that shot, why don't we make this a little 
         more interesting?  All you have to do to win is run those last 
         five balls.  So what do you say we double our bet?
 Daphne: Oh, well.  I might as well.  I never really have understood 
         this game. [lines up] Never understood it, when I started 
         playing with me older brothers, at the age of six. [clunk] 
         And I never understood it during all my formative years, 
         spent mostly in the pool halls of Manchester. [clunk] Playing 
         in local competitions and club tournaments. [clunk] Winning 
         cup after cup after cup.  Until our poor dad had to convert 
         the pantry into a trophy room. [clunk] And I can't really 
         claim to understand it - eight ball in far corner - even 
         today. [clunk] But I certainly do enjoy it. [collects her 
         winnings to the applause of the customers] Thank you, 
         gentlemen.  And now if you'll excuse me, I'm going to attempt 
         to use the ladies room without touching anything.

She exits to the ladies room just as Frasier and Niles enter, 
stop and look around.

Frasier: Look at this place.  I never felt so conspicuous in my life.
  Niles: You must simply try to blend in.  Fortunately, I haven't 
         shaved in several hours.  You should loosen your tie.
Frasier: Yes, and you might try tucking in your watch fob.
  Niles: That happens to be a Phi-Beta-Kappa key.
Frasier: Oh, then by all means, let it dangle.  Perhaps they have a 
         local chapter.
  Niles: Actually, this is quite stimulating in a lower-depths sort of 
         way.  And I've always been something of a squalor buff.
Frasier: The only problem is, I don't see Daphne or Jimmy.
  Niles: [to bartender] Excuse me.  Has a young woman been in here this 
         evening, approximately five foot nine and three quarters, with 
         skin the color of Devonshire cream and the sort of eyes that 
         gaze directly into one's soul with neither artifice nor 
         evasion?

Silence from the bartender.

  Frasier: This would be an Englishwoman called Daphne.
Bartender: Ah yeah, the one who came in with Jimmy.
  Frasier: Right.
Bartender: She was over there shooting pool a minute ago.  I think she 
           stepped in the back.
  Frasier: What happened to Jimmy?
Bartender: [chuckles] He tried to get fresh with her.  She threw a 
           hammerlock on him and ran him out of here.  That babe can 
           take care of herself.
  Frasier: [to Niles] I told you so.
Bartender: And good riddance too.  Guy was no good.  I knew it the 
           first time I saw him.  You can always tell.
  Frasier: Yeah, yeah, yeah.  Come on Niles, we've taken our walk on 
           the wild side, let's get out of here.
    Niles: What about Daphne?
  Frasier: Well come on, you heard what she did to Jimmy.  Think how 
           mad she'll be if she should find us here.
    Niles: You're right.  Best make ourselves scarce. [Daphne comes 
           out] Good lord, there she is!

In an attempt to stop Daphne from seeing them, Frasier walks into
a guy (Rocco) at the pool table, just as he's taking his shot.

Frasier: Oh, oh.  God, I am so sorry.
  Rocco: Hey!  What the hell are you doing?
Frasier: I'm sorry, I was just trying to...
  Rocco: You made me miss that shot.
Frasier: I'm sorry.
  Rocco: I had two hundred bucks riding on that shot.
Frasier: Really sorry.
  Rocco: [to Niles, as his mate joins them] Where do you think you're 
         going?
  Niles: Ah, I'll be back, I was just going to put another quarter in 
         the meter.
  Rocco: The meters don't run at night, and neither do you.
  Niles: Oh, that was rather an amusing play on words, you're a regular
         George S. Kaufman, we must tell our friends about this.
  Rocco: You owe me two hundred dollars.
Frasier: Oh well, I-I'd gladly pay you, but I-I don't have that kind of
         cash on me.
  Niles: Even if he did, it would be absurd to bring it into a place 
         like this.  You know, with the kind of element you might run 
         into...
Frasier: Niles!  Maybe I could write you a check?
  Rocco: My element don't take checks.  I think maybe we should take 
         these guys outside, and wise them up.
Frasier: Oh, I don't think that's really necessary at all.
 Daphne: Oh my goodness!  What are you two doing here?
  Niles: We might ask you the same thing.  This happens to be one of 
         our favorite haunts.  Actually, Maris and I had our rehearsal 
         dinner here... the place was different then, it was more of a 
         garden room and there was a trellis over there where the bar 
         is...
Frasier: Shut up, Niles.
 Daphne: You followed me, didn't you?
Frasier: Oh Daphne, we were worried about you.
  Rocco: Excuse me, lady.  But it seems like your friends can't seem to 
         come up with the two hundred they owe me, so I'm gonna have to 
         uh - pardon my French - beat the crap out of them.
Frasier: Listen, listen.  I'm a psychiatrist, maybe we can talk this 
         out in sessions.  You know, it seems that you have some 
         control issues...
  Rocco: Outside!
 Daphne: WAIT!  I have money.  How would you like to go for double or 
         nothing, sport?
  Rocco: On what?
 Daphne: Well, you look like a betting man. [walks over to pool table] 
         I'll wager I can sink these five balls with a single shot.  
         If I do, these boys are square.  If I miss, you double your 
         money.
  Rocco: Hey. I don't mind taking your money, but I was kinda looking 
         forward to pulping this guy.
 Daphne: Yeah, well.  We won't quibble. [picks up cue] If I miss, you 
         can pulp him.  I'm feeling generous tonight.  I'll throw in 
         the little one as well.
  Niles: [to Frasier] What did she mean by that, "Throw in the little 
         one?"  And what in God's name is "pulping"?
  Rocco: You're on.  Okay.  But just to make sure this is on the up and 
         up, let's use six balls.  Instead of sinking all five with one 
         shot, [rolling another ball onto table] how about sinking all 
         six?  Do that and uh, I'll forget the two hundred bucks.
 Daphne: Fair enough. [takes careful aim, then...] Need a bit of chalk 
         for me cue. [lines up again, then...] Does it matter in what 
         order I make them?
Frasier: Daphne!
  Rocco: Hey lady.  If you make any of them, it'll be a miracle.
 Daphne: Right.  Well... here goes nothing.

She takes the shot.  The scene goes into SLOW MOTION, and cliffhanger
music plays...  

As Frasier and Niles watch, on tenterhooks, five of the balls go down.
They hug each other ecstatically and watch the cue ball roll toward the 
sixth.  It knocks the sixth toward the pocket... and it bounces out.

 Daphne: RUN FOR IT!!! [grabs the money]

They race out of the bar and slam the doors behind them.  As Rocco
and his buddies chase them, Daphne wedges her cue in the door handles.
Frasier and Niles laugh and make "Nyah nyah!" faces before fleeing
into the night with Daphne.

End of Act Two.

Credits: 

Frasier's Apartment.  Eddie is following a trail of biscuits to where 
Daphne is lying in wait with a sponge and a towel.  She lunges at him, 
but misses.

ACT ONE

Scene One — KACL
Frasier is doing his show.

   Hank: [v.o.] So, Dr. Crane, I just don't know what to do about my 
         weight.  I've tried diet after diet, from the "milkshakes 
         three times a day" to that scary bald-headed lady on TV.  
         Nothing seems to work.
Frasier: Hank, listen to me.  You've got to look inside yourself.  
         There is a part of you that isn't being fed. 
   Hank: Well, it certainly isn't my butt.
Frasier: Yes, well, I'm talking about your inner self.  What isn't 
         being fed there?  Love, career, simple self-esteem?  There 
         are deeper issues at work here.
   Hank: So, so what do I do?
Frasier: Well, I'd suggest extended therapy.  Please stay on the 
         line, and my producer Roz will refer you to the help you 
         need.  Roz, who's our next call?
    Roz: We have someone on line one who disagrees with your advice 
         to Hank.
Frasier: Ah, really? [pushes button] Hello, you're on the line.
 Lilith: [v.o.] Congratulations, Frasier, you've done it again.

Frasier goes rigid.  Roz watches with delight.

 Lilith: You've led another unsuspecting innocent down one of your 
         dark, dead-end Freudian hallways.
Frasier: Lilith?
 Lilith: Overeating is very simply a behavioral problem caused by 
         negative reinforcement.  It can be cured quite readily by 
         behavior modification.
Frasier: I see.  Well, Seattle, we have a celebrity of sorts on the 
         line.  This is my ex-wife, Lilith.
 Lilith: What do you mean by "celebrity?"
Frasier: [darkly] Oh, they know you. [hits the cough button] Roz, 
         what exactly does "call screening" mean?
    Roz: It means I get to put on the air the calls I want to hear.
Frasier: [lets go of button] Well, Lilith, what brings you to Seattle — 
         the constant rain?
 Lilith: I'm here for a convention, and I happened to hear your voice 
         on the radio.  I kept hoping you'd introduce Pearl Jam's 
         latest hit, but much to my chagrin, you were doling out 
         worthless little advice pellets from your psychiatric Pez 
         dispenser.

Roz is cracking up, obviously loving every minute of this.

Frasier: Well, I guess you'll be rushing off to your little 
         convention now, and I suppose we'll just have to catch up on 
         your next trip.
 Lilith: Actually, I'm not doing anything for dinner tonight.
Frasier: Really?  Well, then you'll want to keep your dial tuned to 
         780 for Gil Chesterton's "Restaurant Beat."
    Roz: Why don't you ask her out to dinner, Dr. Crane?

Frasier hits the cough button again and gives Roz a glare that would 
melt through lead.  She just grins at him.  He lets go of the button.

Frasier: What a wonderful idea! [takes a piece of paper and a Magic 
         Marker and starts writing] And let me tell you why, Seattle.  
         You see, even though our marriage was unsuccessful, Lilith 
         and I are quite capable of conducting ourselves as adults, 
         and even enjoying spending some time together, from time to 
         time.  So, Lilith, seven at my place?
 Lilith: Sounds great.

Frasier slams the paper against the glass of Roz's booth.  It says, 
"You're FIRED!!" She holds up a manila folder on which is scribbled, 
"I'M UNION." Frasier seethes.

FADE OUT

THE RETURN OF THE MAGNIFICENT STERNIN


Scene Two — Frasier's Apartment
It's evening.  Frasier is setting the table for dinner.  Martin is 
standing next to him, Niles is on the couch.

 Martin: In my day, when two people broke up you were mad, you were 
         angry, you hated each other!  Whatever happened to the 
         sanctity of divorce?
Frasier: Dad, you never liked Lilith.
 Martin: She's weird.
Frasier: She is not weird.
 Martin: Oh, she's weird.
Frasier: Well, maybe she's a little strange.
 Martin: No, [points to Niles] Maris is a little strange.  Lilith is 
         weird.
  Niles: Gee whiz, Dad, I had no idea you preferred my wife to 
         Frasier's.

Daphne comes out of the kitchen holding a cold beer can to her 
forehead.

 Daphne: Oh, my head!
Frasier: Can I get you an aspirin, Daphne?
 Daphne: Oh, no, no, I'm afraid those are useless.  This is one of my 
         psychic headaches.  There's some kind of negative force out 
         there.  I only get these when there's a clawing at the 
         cosmic continuum.

She hands the beer to Martin and heads back to the kitchen.
Niles gets up and hops over the coffee table.

  Niles: Perhaps if someone rubbed your temples—
Frasier: Niles!  I'm sure she wants privacy while she contacts the 
         mother ship.
  Niles: Frasier, I must tell you, I'm here for support, but I will 
         not speak to Lilith.
Frasier: Oh, Niles, this ongoing feud between you and Lilith is 
         ridiculous!  Let it go, it was years ago.
 Martin: I can't even remember what the fight was about in the first 
         place.
  Niles: Well, let me refresh you!  At our wedding, while Maris was 
         reciting her vows — which she wrote herself — vows of love 
         from the heart, I distinctly heard snickering.  I glanced 
         behind me and there was Lilith, her fingers pressed hard 
         against her lips, her body shaking like a paint mixer.

The doorbell rings.

Frasier: All right, now, now, there she is.  All right, now — now 
         listen, it's just one evening out of your life.  Will you at 
         least try to be civil?
  Niles: All right, but I refuse to be warm.

Frasier goes to the door, and glances back to make sure everything is 
O.K.  Niles and Martin are standing uncomfortably side by side.  

Frasier opens the door.  There is Lilith, much as we remember her — 
hair done up in a bun, pale complexion, and a conservative but 
elegant dress.  However, she is smiling, and maybe a little 
nervous.

Frasier: Hello, Lilith.
 Lilith: Frasier.
Frasier: Please come in.

She steps in.  They start to shake hands, then decide to hug.

Frasier: [taking her purse and coat] Here, let me take these things
         for you.  There we are.  Oh, look who's here.
 Lilith: Hello, Martin.  Hello, Niles.
 Niles &
 Martin: [flat, toneless] Hello.
 Lilith: [looks around] Where's Maris?
  Niles: She's visiting her sister in Chicago.
 Lilith: Oh.  I thought perhaps she was sailing up the transplendent 
         river of your love.

Lilith smirks.  Niles's jaw drops with outrage.

 Lilith: Frasier, I like what you've done with your apartment.
Frasier: Thank you.
 Lilith: You have beautiful things.
Frasier: The settlement is final, Lilith.

Lilith sits on the couch.  Eddie jumps up beside her.

Lilith: Go away.

Eddie jumps off the couch and runs away.

Frasier: Why does he listen to you, and not to me?
 Lilith: By the tone of my voice, he senses I mean business.
Frasier: Oh, I see.  You're saying your voice is more commanding than 
         mine is?
 Martin: Hell, I took a half a step before I realized she was talking 
         to the dog.

Daphne comes out of the kitchen, still moaning.

 Daphne: Oh, hello — I've never had a throbbing like this!
Frasier: Daphne, um, this is my ex-wife, Dr. Lilith Sternin.  Lilith, 
         this is Daphne Moon, my dad's physical therapist.

Daphne and Lilith shake hands.

Lilith: It's nice to meet you.
Daphne: An equal pleasure. [turning back to Frasier; whispering] When 
        I shook hands with that woman, I lost all feeling in my arm!
 
Niles heads for the hallway.

 Niles: Frasier, I'm going to pop into your bedroom and use the 
        phone.  Maris was developing some sniffles, I just want to 
        make sure she's taking in enough liquids.
Lilith: Isn't it enough that she's eternally sipping from the font of 
        your perpetual adoration?

Lilith smirks again.  Niles turns around, with a "That does it!" 
expression.  Frasier signals him, "Not here!"  Niles exits.

 Lilith: Martin, I'm especially delighted to see you here tonight.
 Martin: [gripping his cane a little closer] Oh yeah?
 Lilith: Oh yes.  Knowing as I do the history of your relationship 
         with Frasier, when I heard that he'd taken you in, I 
         immediately flipped to the weather channel to see if hell 
         had indeed frozen over. 
 Martin: Frasier, how'd you let ever this little peach get away?
Frasier: Well, I think dinner's just about ready.  Why don't we move 
         to the table.

Lilith and Martin get up and sit at the dinner table.  Niles also 
comes back and sits down.

Frasier: So, Lilith, how is Frederick?
 Lilith: Well, as you know, I've enrolled him in that chess camp in 
         the Berkshires.  It's really quite stimulating.  For eight 
         hours a day, he sits in a large auditorium, with 300 other 
         children, mastering the Alhausen-Grauve Opening.
 Martin: Well, he's in the mountains.  Shouldn't he be out there in 
         the fresh air?
 Lilith: Every day after lunch they go for a nature walk.  
         Unfortunately, Frederick is allergic to seven different 
         varieties of ivy, so he has to wear long sleeves, and long 
         pants... a bonnet with a net on it.
Frasier: Boy, I sure hope the other campers don't make fun of him.
 Martin: Oh, I'm sure they don't.  You know how kind kids can be.  
         Hell, all he needs is a birthmark on his forehead, and 
         they'd beat him to death with a shovel!

FADE TO:

LOOK WHAT I FOUND WITH THE DUST BUNNIES


Scene Three — Frasier's Apartment
After dinner, Martin is sitting in his armchair.  As Frasier and 
Niles watch, Lilith analyzes him.  Daphne is holding an icepack to 
her head.

 Martin: So, I chased this guy down a dark alley, and when he got to 
         the end he turned and pulled a knife on me.  So I gave him a 
         couple of good shots with my nightstick.
 Lilith: Fascinating.  I have to ask, were you at all aware of any 
         repressed sexual urges while you were pummeling him so 
         mercilessly?
 Martin: Yeah, but I didn't put 'em in the report.
 Lilith: You're having some fun at my expense, aren't you?
 Martin: Not much. [gets up] In fact, I'm going to bed.  Goodnight.
Frasier: Goodnight, Dad.
 Daphne: Oh, well, if you don't need me any longer, I think I'll be 
         shuffling off as well.
Frasier: Well, goodnight.
 Daphne: [to Lilith] It was a pleasure meeting you.  By the way, how 
         many days will you be staying in Seattle?
 Lilith: Just through the weekend.
 Daphne: Well, enjoy your stay. [heads to her room] I'll be dead by 
         Saturday night, I know it!
  Niles: Well, I guess I'll say my goodbyes as well.  Goodnight, 
         Frasier. [ignores Lilith]
Frasier: Oh, this is ridiculous!  Listen, Lilith, uh, Niles is upset 
         because you snickered at Maris's wedding vows.
 Lilith: I simply responded with the genuine spontaneous emotion I 
         was feeling at the moment. [Frasier motions her to try 
         harder] But, if Niles is not mature enough to accept that, 
         if he is so pitifully insecure, if he is in such need of 
         validation, then I guess for some sense of familial harmony, 
         I do apologize.
  Niles: [overjoyed] Oh, Lilith, thank you! [hugs her tight] Oh, this 
         bad blood between us has gone on far too long!  Next time 
         you're in town, we'll have dinner, just you and me!

Niles leaves.  Lilith looks at Frasier.

Frasier: He doesn't get that kind of validation at home, you see.
 Lilith: Well, it's just the two of us.
Frasier: Yes.  It's the first time we've been alone together since 
         the lawyers put us in that room and said, "Don't come out 
         until there's some resolution."
 Lilith: Yes, well, this was nice.
Frasier: Yes it was, wasn't it?

They go out onto the balcony.

 Lilith: You have a beautiful view.
Frasier: Well, it's a beautiful city.  I hope you enjoy your 
         convention.
 Lilith: Oh, for God's sake, Frasier.  There is no convention.  I'm 
         here because of the letter.
Frasier: The letter?  What letter?
 Lilith: You know very well what letter.  The one you left in the 
         apartment last month when you were home to visit Frederick, 
         the one proposing we get back together.  Surely you didn't 
         forget?

Lilith leads him back in and takes a letter from her purse.

 Lilith: [reading] "My darling, how could a love like ours have 
         fallen so far from grace?  There must be some part of your 
         heart that still resounds to the rhythm of my own.  I fear 
         that I'll be lost without you.  As long as we have love, 
         love will keep us together."  Aside from the shameless 
         pilfering from the Captain and Tenille, I was moved by your 
         entreaty.  I felt the same way, and yet I felt the need to 
         create this pretense of arriving here for a convention, 
         because I was still torn and unable to commit myself.  But 
         seeing you now, I realize how much I've missed you.
Frasier: Lilith, I did write that letter, and I did leave it in the 
         apartment, but...
 Lilith: Yes?
Frasier: It wasn't last month.  It was nearly a year ago.  It's 
         before I moved to Seattle.  You just found it now?
 Lilith: [deflated] It had fallen behind the dresser.
Frasier: Well, I see the cleaning service is still doing its usual 
         bang-up job.

In a hurry, Lilith grabs her coat and purse.

 Lilith: Well, don't I feel like the perfect fool?
Frasier: Listen, Lilith—
 Lilith: Here I am, humiliated, emotionally drained, and I've used up 
         all my frequent flier miles!
Frasier: Lilith, please!
 Lilith: No, Frasier, please, there's nothing else to say.  I'd like 
         to leave with at least a shred of dignity.

She goes out the front door and closes it behind her.  Unfortunately, 
she closes it on her purse string, trapping her purse inside.  For a 
few moments, she pathetically tries to pull the purse up and through 
the crack in the door, then rings the bell.  Frasier opens the door.

Lilith: Thank you.

She leaves.

END OF ACT ONE

ACT TWO

Scene Four — Café Nervosa
Frasier and Niles are sitting at a corner table.  Frasier hands Niles 
the letter.

Frasier: I wrote this letter just before I came to Seattle hoping for 
         a reconciliation.  She only just now found it.
  Niles: Didn't the Captain and Tenille sing this?
Frasier: Like they own those five words!  You know, I-I got over her, 
         I moved out here.  She comes back and I wonder if I made the 
         right decision.  I did write that letter.
  Niles: It appears you have come to some sort of a crossroads.
Frasier: Oh, that's a nice tidy little way of saying I'm in hell.  
         Niles, I have a life here that suits me, and yet I can't 
         help wondering if there is still some chance for 
         reconciliation, if it's worth exploring the feelings 
         that—that I'm feeling.  Do you think I should see her again 
         tonight?
  Niles: Frasier, like most patients who come to a therapist, you 
         already know the answer to the question you're posing.  You 
         just want me to agree with your decision and support you 
         whether I share your opinion or not.
Frasier: Yes, but I don't have an opinion in this case.
  Niles: I'm sure you do.
Frasier: But I don't.
  Niles: Well, then I can't help you.
Frasier: All right, all right.  I think in my soul, I'm leaning 
         toward taking the next step and, uh, seeing if there's 
         anything... there.
  Niles: That is what you should do. 
Frasier: Why?
  Niles: You know why.
Frasier: Damn it, Niles!
  Niles: Frasier, you know why.

Beat.  Niles looks at Frasier expectantly.

Frasier: All right.  We have a long history together, we-we have a 
         son that we both adore.  There were some good times, and 
         when they were good... Hoo-ah!
  Niles: Well, it seems our minds are pretty well made up, aren't 
         they?
Frasier: Yes, they are.  Thank you, Niles.  I don't know what I'd do 
         without you.
  Niles: Yes, you do.
Frasier: Drop it!

FADE TO: 

Scene Five — Lilith's Hotel Room
Lilith is waiting in her hotel room.  She's dressed in a short skirt 
and a nice jacket.  Her hair, unusually, is let down.  Frasier knocks 
on the door, and she opens it.

Frasier: Hello, Lilith.
 Lilith: Frasier, come in.
Frasier: I must be early, I see you haven't had a chance to put up 
         your hair yet.
 Lilith: Oh, I thought I'd leave it down tonight.
Frasier: [surprised] Really?
 Lilith: Yes, after several hours of careful deliberation, and 
         weighing all the consequences, I decided to be playful.  I'm 
         glad you invited me to dinner.
Frasier: Well, how could I not?  I felt so awful about last night.  
         You see, I just thought you'd read the letter long ago and 
         ignored it.
 Lilith: No explanation necessary.  It was a simple misunderstanding.
Frasier: O.K.  Well, I know a great little French bistro just around 
         the corner—
 Lilith: Uh, Frasier?  Before we go anywhere, I would just like to go 
         on record as saying that, regardless of everything that's 
         happened, I respect you for getting on with your life as 
         successfully as you have.
Frasier: Well, I'd like to say that I feel the same way about you.  
         Frederick is flourishing, and I'm sure that's in no small 
         part due to you.
 Lilith: [touched] Oh, thank you.  That means a great deal to me.
Frasier: [helping her into her coat] Geez, do you realize that's the 
         first pleasant thing we've said to each other in almost a 
         year? 
 Lilith: You're right.
Frasier: [stops] You know, I'm suddenly quite moved.
 Lilith: I am too.
Frasier: Would it be a dreadful contretemps if I kissed you right now?
 Lilith: You can always try.

She turns around, and puts her arms around his neck.  They kiss.  
As the kiss gets deeper, he drops her coat to the floor.

Frasier: You want to bag dinner?
 Lilith: There's a bed and an honor bar, what more do we need?
Frasier: Come to me, my white-hot flame!

She jumps into his arms, and he carries her over to the bed.

 Lilith: I was insane to divorce you!
Frasier: Oh God, you're in my thoughts every waking hour!
 Lilith: You're the only man I've ever loved!
Frasier: So are you!

FADE TO: 

FRIED EGGS AND OTHER SMALL TRAGEDIES


Scene Six — Lilith's Hotel Room
Frasier and Lilith lie beside each other in bed.  Frasier wakes up 
first, and his eyes widen with alarm as he realizes what happened.  
He starts to quietly slide out of bed — then Lilith wakes up and 
sleepily rolls onto him, smiling.

 Lilith: Good morning.
Frasier: Jolly good morning to you, too.
 Lilith: I could stay like this all morning.
Frasier: Me, too. [checks his watch]
 Lilith: I'm so glad I decided to take the chance and fly out here to 
         be with you.
Frasier: Yes, me too, me too.

Someone knocks on the door.  

Frasier: Oh, I'll get that!

He rather hurriedly gets out of bed and pulls on a bathrobe.

Frasier: Must be the breakfast we ordered last night.  Boy, I am 
         famished!
 Lilith: You should be.  You were a busy boy.

Frasier smiles, then smoothes his hair and opens the door.  
A room service waiter comes in with a breakfast cart.

Frasier: Hi.
 Waiter: Good morning, sir.
Frasier: Just bring it right in here, please.  Uh, that's fine. [tips 
         the waiter] Little something for you, too.  Thank you, good 
         day.

The waiter leaves.  Lilith gets out of bed and also puts on a robe.

Frasier: Well, boy, it's funny how life takes it's little turns, 
         isn't it?  Yesterday morning when I woke up, I never 
         imagined I'd be waking up here this morning.
 Lilith: Indeed.

She starts to inspect the breakfast.

Frasier: And — I mean, it's not that we were overly impulsive or 
         anything, or that what we did was wrong, I just—
 Lilith: This is a mistake.
Frasier: Oh, thank God you said that!  Oh, it's not that last night 
         wasn't very enjoyable, but who are we kidding?  You've 
         gotten on with your life, I've gotten on with mine!  I've 
         got a new career, I've reestablished relationships with my 
         family, I've got a whole new set of friends — for the first 
         time in years, I'm happy!  I mean, for us to even consider 
         getting back together — it's just the stupidest thing two 
         people could do!
 Lilith: [staring at him with horror] I meant the eggs.  I ordered 
         poached, not fried.
Frasier: [trying to cover] Well, you didn't let me finish, you see... 
         after I played Devil's advocate, I— 
 Lilith: Oh, Frasier, don't insult me!  That's how you really feel, 
         isn't it?
Frasier: I'm afraid so.

Lilith begins to cry.

Frasier: Oh, Lilith, are you crying?  God, I'm sorry.  Once again, 
         I've led you down an emotional primrose path.  Lilith, I 
         never meant to hurt you.  I don't blame you if you're mad at 
         me.
 Lilith: I'm not mad at you, I'm mad at me.  I don't even know what 
         I'm doing here!  I've just been so lonely over the last 
         year, and when I found your letter, it was — it was like a 
         life preserver!  I'm raising a child alone.  I'm scared.  I 
         always thought of myself as a strong and independent person, 
         but the truth is, I'm afraid.  I guess that's why I 
         convinced myself that I was still in love with you.
Frasier: You mean you're not?
 Lilith: No, I'm not.
Frasier: Well, that's good.  So then what happened last night was 
         only because you were lonely, and I was—
 Lilith: We all know what you were, Frasier.

She starts to cry harder.

Frasier: Oh, Lilith, Lilith, here, here, come with me here. [guides 
         her to the mirror] Now, listen, look in there, tell me what 
         you see. [she can't say anything] All right, I'll tell you 
         what I see.  I see the same strong-willed, dynamic, 
         intelligent woman I married seven years ago.  Listen, you're 
         just suffering a temporary lapse — divorce does that to you. 
         [turns her around to face him] Listen, I won't say anything 
         as trite as "someday you'll find someone."  But I know this: 
         I know you, and I know that no matter what the future holds 
         in store for you, you'll handle it.

She smiles and kisses his cheek.

 Lilith: Thank you, Frasier.
Frasier: You hungry?
 Lilith: Yeah.
Frasier: O.K.

Frasier goes to the cart and starts setting places at the coffee 
table. 

 Lilith: You always knew how to buck me up when I was blue.
Frasier: Yeah, well, you know you helped me through some hard times 
         yourself.
 Lilith: You know, those married years weren't all bad.  We did have 
         some good moments.
Frasier: The best one was Frederick. [he takes her hand] We'll always 
         have that.

She smiles, and brings her food to the table.

Frasier: And, you know, I can't help telling you this.  Even though 
         we're not in love anymore, you were always the most exciting 
         lover I ever had.  I think in your heart of hearts that 
         you'd say the same about me.

Silence.

 Lilith: They screwed up the toast, too, I ordered rye.
Frasier: Lilith?

She gives him a sly look that helps us understand why he fell for her 
in the first place.  They start to eat breakfast.

Credits: 

Daphne lies on the couch, sipping herbal tea and holding an ice pack 
to her forehead.

On the runway, Lilith's plane lifts off.

Daphne suddenly sits up, takes the ice pack away, and sighs with 
relief.

ACT ONE

Scene One - Cafe Nervosa
Niles and Frasier are sat at a table together.  Niles is ordering his 
coffee from Eric the waiter but Frasier just can't seem to get his.

  Niles: Double Cappuccino, half-caf, not-fat milk, with just enough
         foam to be aesthetically pleasing but not so much that it 
         leaves a moustache. 
   Eric: Cinnamon or chocolate on that?
  Niles: Oh, they make this so complicated.  Um, cinnamon.
   Eric: [to Frasier:] And you?
Frasier: Well let me see, I think I'll have the...

Daphne enters the cafe and goes to the counter.

  Niles: Oh look, it's Daphne.  Daphne!
Frasier: Daphne.
 Daphne: Oh, hello, thought I might run into you here.  Oh please, 
         sit, sit.  I just stopped in for a bag of beans, we're 
         running low at home.
Frasier: Oh, well good. [to Eric:] You know, I'd like... 
   Eric: [intervening:] I'd be happy to help.
 Daphne: Two pounds of...
   Eric: [with Daphne:] The Kenya Blend.
 Daphne: Ho-ho, you remembered.
   Eric: Hard to forget. [Niles looks jealous.]
Frasier: Excuse me, you haven't taken my order yet.
   Eric: [ignoring Frasier:] Most people find that blend too intense.
 Daphne: Not me, I like something that holds its body on my tongue.

Niles, seduced by the language, spills cream all over the table.

Frasier: Excuse me, we seem to have spilled something here.  If you
         could... [Eric just throws down a dishcloth.]
   Eric: I don't suppose you would be into something robust, if it
         didn't come on too strong. 
 Daphne: If it was a little bit sweet I might take a liking to it. 
   Eric: Would you like to step over to the counter and try my 
         special blend? 
 Daphne: I'd love to. 

They go to the counter.

Frasier: [shouting:] Oh, nothing for me, thanks! 
  Niles: Frasier, that man is hitting on our Daphne!  I don't know 
         how she stands it.
Frasier: Niles... look, apropos of nothing, how are things between you 
         and Maris?
  Niles: Are you implying that my concern for Daphne's welfare is
         anything less than pure?
Frasier: I don't know, you tell me. 
  Niles: Frasier, that is your great shortcoming.  You're always
         distrustful, you're always suspicious.  Sometimes you just
         have to have faith that people are all right- [spies on them] 
         what's he doing now!?
Frasier: I believe he's bagging her beans.
  Niles: [interpreting this his own way] Oh!

Daphne comes over, excited.

 Daphne: Oh, I'm so excited!  Eric over there is taking me to a club to 
         hear his band tonight.  Oh, I know it's not my regular night 
         off but I'll switch it with Saturday, if that's OK with you. 
         [Niles shakes his head "no" at Frasier, who ignores him] Oh, 
         isn't he lovely?  I already have a nickname for him, "Eric The 
         Red."  It favours him, doesn't it?  Don't you think he looks 
         like a Viking? 
Frasier: Well...
 Daphne: Well, ta-ta! [turns to leave, but stops] Oh, look at me, 
         I forgot my beans.  Earth to Daphne! 

She runs out.  Niles is beside himself.

  Niles: How could she like him?  The man has "community college"
         written all over him. 
Frasier: Niles, you know, this infatuation with Daphne is really 
         getting out of hand.  I didn't really mind when it was just a 
         flirtation, but I can't help wonder that this is symptomatic 
         of something wrong between you and Maris. [Niles is silent] 
         Well, is it?
  Niles: Oh... Frasier, I can't lie to you.  The truth is, Maris and I 
         are in a bit of a rut.  We seem to have lapsed into this grey, 
         numbing blandness.
Frasier: Well, that's perfectly normal in a relationship of some years.
         Maybe you should try spicing things up a bit.
  Niles: You mean... boudoir-wise?
Frasier: Well, for starters, yeah.
  Niles: Like how?
Frasier: Well, the two of you could... [Niles leans forward 
         expectantly] Well, you could... well it's you and 
         Maris, so you could... I'm stumped. 

FADE OUT

Scene Two - KACL
The next day, Frasier enters Roz's booth before his next radio show.
Roz is stacking carts.  She's in a bit of a bad mood.

Frasier: Oh, hi Roz, how are you?
    Roz: Do you really want to know how I am, or are you just making
         conversation?  Because if you really want to know how I am,
         I'll tell you. 
Frasier: Well, I was just making conversation.  But actually, Roz, 
         there's some advice I need. 
    Roz: About what?
Frasier: A subject in which you're quite well-versed, sex.
    Roz: [losing all her troubles:] How can I help you?
Frasier: What do you do when... when the romance goes out of a 
         relationship?
    Roz: I get dressed and go home. 
Frasier: All right, let's just assume for a moment that you are capable 
         of a long-term relationship; what would you do to keep things
         cooking?
    Roz: Well, once I had a boyfriend take me out to a bar, and we
         pretended we were strangers picking each other up.  Actually 
         that was kinda hot. [chuckles at the memory]
Frasier: So you used, like, fantasy/role-playing?
    Roz: Yeah.  In fact, we had so much fun we tried it again.  Only 
         the next time he got so into it he went home with another
         woman. 
Frasier: I'm sorry.
    Roz: Oh hell, she was gorgeous.  One more drink, and I'd have 
         gone home with her.  My point is that women need to see the 
         men they make love to as exciting, romantic figures.  So I 
         say, if you want to keep this woman interested, try creating 
         a fantasy for an evening.  Personally, I think you'd make a 
         very sexy gladiator.
Frasier: Roz, this is not for me, it's for my brother Niles. 
    Roz: Oh!  Well in that case, make it a gladiola.

FADE TO:

AHOY MATEY!


Scene Three - Frasier's Apartment.
It's late at night and everyone is fast asleep in the Crane household. 
But someone is insistently ringing the doorbell.  Frasier rushes out
of his bedroom, donning a dressing gown.  He turns on the lights and 
looks through the peephole.

Frasier: Niles!

He opens the door to Niles, who is dressed in a long raincoat.

Frasier: Niles!
  Niles: I'm sorry, Frasier, but something horrible has happened.  
         Maris kicked me out.
Frasier: Dear God, why?  What for?

For answer, Niles takes his raincoat off, revealing pirate attire: 
white puffy shirt, knee-high boots, and bright orange pantaloons 
belted with a golden swash (plastic dagger included).

Frasier: Oh, my.
 Martin: [entering:] What's going on out there?  Niles? 
  Niles: Hello, dad. 

Martin stares at him for a long beat.

 Martin: Never mind, I don't want to know.
  Niles: No dad, wait, there's a perfectly reasonably explanation
         for the way I'm dressed. 
Frasier: Alright, just keep in mind that I reserve the right to say
         "stop" at any time.
  Niles: Well, my plan was to leave a treasure map downstairs for Maris 
         with clues that would lead her to my whereabouts.  Then I'd 
         hide in the linen closet and wait for her to find me. 
 Martin: Dressed like that?
  Niles: Actually no, at the time I was wearing only my eye-patch.
         Although, technically is it still an eye-patch if you're 
         wearing it on your-?
Frasier: Stop!
  Niles: There I was lying in wait, with my little plastic knife 
         clenched between my teeth, when the closet door was flung 
         open and I found myself face to face with the upstairs maid.  
         She began screaming what I gather were some very unflattering 
         things in idiomatic Guatemalan, when Maris stumbled upon the 
         scene and completely misconstrued it.  The next thing I knew 
         she ordered me out of the house!  I barely had time to grab my 
         pantaloons and buckle my swash.

Martin bursts out laughing.

  Niles: Dad?  Dad, it's not funny.
 Martin: Where'd you come up with such a stupid idea?
  Niles: Frasier!
Frasier: All I suggested was some sexual role-playing, you're the one
         that came up with "Pirates of the Caribbean"!
  Niles: [sinks into a chair] Oh, I've really bungled it this time, 
         haven't I?
 Martin: Oh come on, these things happen.  Look, why don't you just 
         stay here tonight with us and then tomorrow you and Maris 
         can sort things out. 
  Niles: What if we don't?  What'll I do then?
Frasier: Well, I suppose they could always use another busboy at the 
         "Jolly Roger"!

Laughing, Frasier goes to the hall.

  Niles: I'll never be able to face the maid again.
 Martin: I don't think it's your face she'll remember. 

He laughs again.  Niles glares at him.

 Martin: Oh come on, Niles, everybody has an embarrassing story to 
         tell.  Did I ever tell you about the time I got locked 
         outside in the backyard in my underwear?
  Niles: Only every Thanksgiving. 
 Martin: Well, don't worry, I won't be telling that story this year!

He laughs a third time, causing Niles to throw his hands up and pace
the room in exasperation.

Frasier: [entering with pillow and blanket:] Here we are, Canadian
         goose down pillow, Egyptian cotton sheets and a nice Vicuna
         throw in case you get a little chilly during the night. 
  Niles: How perfect!
 Martin: I still say a couple of years in the service would have done
         you two boys a world of good.  Goodnight. [he leaves]
  Niles: Goodnight.  You know, Frasier, Maris and I have had our
         difficulties before, but never anything this serious.  I 
         really feel terrible having her mad at me.  It's times like 
         this I wish I knew how to cry.
Frasier: Well, don't be embarrassed on my account, Niles. 
  Niles: No, no, it's not that, I'm just not someone who cries, it's 
         not in my nature.  When Maris's Uncle Lyle died, I had to 
         shut my hand in the car door just to make a decent showing 
         at the funeral. 
Frasier: You're a complex little pirate, aren't you?  Well, goodnight
         Niles.
  Niles: Goodnight.

Frasier turns the lights out and leaves.  Niles lies on the couch but 
yelps suddenly.  Removing a plastic hook from his belt, he gets comfy 
again.

Daphne and Eric come in from their date.  Niles hides under the 
covers.  They don't notice him.

 Daphne: Well, thank you again, Eric.  I had a wonderful time.
   Eric: Me too. 

Niles peeks over the couch and sees Daphne and Eric kiss.

 Daphne: Well, Goodnight.
   Eric: Goodnight.

Niles hides again.  Daphne closes the door, leans against it, and 
sighs.  She goes to her room.  It isn't long before Niles is in 
floods of tears.

FADE TO:

Scene Four - Frasier's Apartment.
The following morning, Eric is the only thing Daphne's thinking 
about as she's serving coffee to Frasier and Martin.

 Daphne: I know we've only had a few dates, but I'm already
         exhibiting the three signs of a woman in love: I can't stop
         thinking about him, I can't eat, and I bought myself all-new 
         underwear! [exits to kitchen, giggling]
 Martin: We gotta get her a girlfriend to talk to!

Frasier nods.  Niles enters in a dressing gown.

  Niles: I just got off the phone with Maris.  She's in Arizona for 
         the weekend.
Frasier: Why?
  Niles: Well, she said she was so shattered by the experience she 
         had to fly to her favorite spa to contemplate the future of 
         our marriage from a mud bath.
 Daphne: Well, it'll probably be good for Mrs. Crane.  Eric thinks 
         the earth is very grounding.
  Niles: Eric, Eric, Eric!  Must everything always be about Eric?! 
Frasier: Niles.  May I suggest that when Maris returns, you both 
         invest some time in some intensive couples' therapy.  
         There's a Reichian group...
 Martin: Oh, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.  Look, all Maris needs to 
         know is that you love her.  Buy her some flowers, fix her a 
         nice romantic dinner when she gets back, that's enough to 
         make any woman forgive you.
  Niles: You really think that will work?
 Martin: If it didn't, you wouldn't be here!
  Niles: Well, I'd be willing to try, but it's impossible.  Our cook
         walked out in sympathy with Maris. 
 Daphne: Well, I could help you prepare something.  I have a late 
         date with Eric... [Niles turns round angrily:] -a.  
         An elderly Aunt Erica, but I could come over early and have 
         everything ready by the time Mrs. Crane arrives. 
  Niles: Well, thank you, Daphne.
 Daphne: Now, what do you think Mrs. Crane would like for dinner?
  Niles: Oh, you have free reign.  Just bear in mind she can't have
         shellfish... poultry, red meat, saturated fats, nitrates,
         wheat, starch, sulfites, MSG or dairy.  Did I say nuts?
Frasier: Oh, I think that's implied!

End of Act One (Time: 10:30)

Act Two

IT WAS A DARK
AND STORMY NIGHT


[Black screen, then:]

NO, REALLY


Scene One - Maris's Mansion - Night
The living room of Maris's gothic mansion.  There is a grand piano, 
a fireplace, and a stairway to the upper floor.  A small table for 
two is set in one corner, with an open bottle of wine.  Outside the 
rain is pouring, with lighting and thunder.

Niles, wearing a red smoking jacket, ushers in Daphne, wet and 
shivering.

  Niles: Come in Daphne, and warm yourself by the fire.  How did you 
         get so wet?
 Daphne: One of your trees blew down in your driveway.  I had to walk
         the last hundred yards. [Niles takes her coat.] I must say,
         you have a beautiful home. 
  Niles: Oh, well thank you.  Actually, it was in Maris's family for 
         four generations.  When I was an mere intern I used to drive
         through these hills, never dreaming that one day I'd live in
         one of these great mansions.  Then one afternoon, there was
         Maris, looking so helpless, banging on the gates with her
         little fists and a tire iron. 
 Daphne: [now by the fire:] They'd locked her in?
  Niles: No, no, that was much later.  No, this time she was returning 
         from the antique mart with a rare bell jar once owned by 
         Sylvia Plath, when the gates failed to open.  So naturally 
         I stopped to offer my assistance, and as our hands touched 
         there was a sudden spark of electricity, then as if by magic 
         the gates parted before us, and we took it as a sign.
 Daphne: You knew you were meant to be together.
  Niles: Yes.  We were married just three short years later. 
 
Daphne sits on the couch and notices an antique musical clock.

 Daphne: Look at this, it's beautiful!
  Niles: It's a Glockenspiel.  We bought it on our honeymoon in Z�rich.
         [sits next to her] I brought it down from the attic to remind 
         Maris of better times.  It used to play beautiful music, and 
         now it doesn't.  How's that for irony? [rises] Well, let's 
         get you into some dry clothes, so you can get started on 
         dinner, and we can get you home in time for your date! 

He goes to the staircase.  Daphne begins to cry.

  Niles: Daphne? [comes back] What is it?
 Daphne: Nothing.
  Niles: No, no, it's definitely something.  I'm a psychiatrist, I can
         read the signs.
 Daphne: Oh, I'm sorry.  I didn't want to spoil your reunion with Mrs.
         Crane, but... Eric broke up with me.
  Niles: [sits down to comfort her] He did?
 Daphne: Yes.  He said he couldn't commit to me and his music.  He had
         to stay focused.  I knew it was an excuse - I've heard his
         music!  He must have another girl. 

She breaks down sobbing and buries her head in his chest.  He puts 
his arm around her.

  Niles: Well, he's a fool, Daphne, and if he can't appreciate you 
         then you're better off without him. 
 Daphne: Right now, I'm not so sure, but thank you, Dr. Crane. 

She's never been this close to him before.  He can't help reaching 
out to stroke her hair.  The phone at his elbow rings, and he puts a 
finger to his lips to silence it, but then thinks again and picks up.

  Niles: [answering:] Niles Crane.  Oh, Maris! 

He jumps up, causing Daphne to tip over and bump her head.

  Niles: Where are you?  What do you mean you can't come home?  Well, 
         it's not that bad a storm!

Thunder and lightning strike at once to contradict him.  In front of 
him, Daphne bends over before the fire and brushes out her hair.

  Niles: [overcome] Oh Maris, I really think you should come home.  
         No, no, well of course I don't want you traveling if it's not 
         safe.  Yes, yes, I understand.  I'll see you tomorrow. [puts 
         phone down] Well, it seems like it's just the two of us. 
 Daphne: You mean Mrs. Crane won't be coming? 

Lightning strikes again.  The lights go out.

 Daphne: Oh my, there goes the electricity.  What do we do now? 

Niles puts a finger to his lips very seriously, as if he's thinking 
about his lifelong dream.

FADE TO:

Scene Two - Frasier's Apartment.
Later, Martin is on the phone to Daphne.  Frasier is reading on the sofa.

 Martin: No, no, the storm's really bad.  You shouldn't be driving in
         it anyway.  No, you just spend the night there.  Right, 
         goodnight, Daphne. [puts phone down]
Frasier: You told her to spend the night?
 Martin: Yeah, what's the problem?
Frasier: Well, you know how Niles feels about her.
 Martin: Oh, relax.  It's just one of Niles's little crushes. 
Frasier: Oh, I suppose you're right.  Niles is harmless enough. 
         Besides, he'd never try anything with Maris in the house.
 Martin: Oh, Maris never made it back.  She's stuck in Arizona.
Frasier: I've gotta get Daphne out of there! 

He jumps to his feet and grabs his coat.

 Martin: Why?!
Frasier: Why?  My God, it's a recipe for disaster!  You've got a 
         vulnerable woman and an unstable man in a gothic mansion on 
         a rainy night!  The only thing missing is someone shouting 
         "Heathcliff!" across the moors!
 Martin: [grabs his coat] Wait for me!
Frasier: Oh, Dad, Dad, you're not coming!
 Martin: Yes, I am!
Frasier: No, you're not!
 Martin: I am!

Martin and Frasier leave the apartment, still arguing.

FADE TO:

Scene Three - Maris's Mansion.
Meanwhile, the gothic atmosphere continues as Niles plays heavily on 
the piano.  As if to complete it, Daphne comes downstairs wearing a 
frilly white silk peignoir with matching capelet, carrying a lit 
candelabra.

 Daphne: Oh, Dr. Crane, you play beautifully!
  Niles: Thank you. 

He turns to look at her and goes completely off key.  Then he 
recovers and plays a "de-de" finale to cover it up.

 Daphne: I found this in the upstairs guest room, I hope it's alright.
  Niles: I-I thought you were going to put on some of Maris's clothes.
         You know, something bulky from her wool collection.
 Daphne: Well yeah, I was, but she's quite a bit smaller than me.  
         [lifts the capelet, showing her bare shoulder] This is all 
         I could find that fit.  Should I go look for something else?
  Niles: No - yes - no... [sits down on the piano keys, then stands 
         back up] oh, you know er... No, the important thing is that 
         it's big enough, [strokes his hands down her arms] and warm 
         enough, [strokes it again] and sssssilky enough, [strokes it 
         a third time] and... [starts to stroke it again and stops] 
         I have to make a phone call. 

He runs up the stairs.  As Daphne bends over the rail to watch him 
go, he makes sure to stop and lean over to steal a glance at her 
backside.

CUT TO:

Scene Four - Frasier's Apartment. 
At Frasier's apartment, the phone is ringing, and the machine answers.

Frasier: [on machine:] Hello, this is Dr. Frasier Crane.  I'm 
         listening. [beep]
  Niles: [on machine:] Frasier?  Frasier!  I'm having a little crisis 
         here.  Actually a large crisis.  It's no time to screen calls... 
         Damn! [hangs up]

As he speaks, Eddie perches on a chair, staring at the machine.

CUT TO:

Scene Five - Frasier's BMW.
Meanwhile, Frasier and Martin are driving to the mansion of the damned.

 Martin: This is stupid.
Frasier: It is not.
 Martin: Look, nothing's going to happen between them anyway.
Frasier: What if it does?  He's my brother and he loves his wife!  
         Now, now, I know, I know their marriage is not exactly 
         everyone's cup of tea.  But on some twisted, bizarre level 
         it seems to work for them.  If Niles ever did anything to 
         hurt to his marriage, he's the one who'd suffer.  He's my 
         brother and I won't let him suffer!
 Martin: Hey, slow down!  You're going to miss the turn onto 
         Roosevelt. 
Frasier: Dad, I let you come along strictly on the agreement that you
         would not give directions.
 Martin: I'm not giving directions, I'm just telling you which way's
         faster.
Frasier: Roosevelt'll add ten minutes.
 Martin: In sunshine.  In rain it's faster!
Frasier: Oh what, spatial relationships change when it rains?!
 Martin: No, you've just got better traction on Roosevelt.  Of course, 
         you wouldn't have to worry about that if you'd gotten all-
         weather tires like I told you to, but no, you had to have 
         the fancy German thing...

Martin and Frasier carry on arguing.

CUT TO:

Scene Six - Maris's Mansion.
Lighning strikes, and things are heating up.  Daphne is sitting on 
the couch, staring at the fire.  Niles brings in some firewood.

  Niles: We'd better make this last, this is all that's left of the 
         wood. [Daphne begins to cry.] Oh no, don't worry, if 
         this runs out there's an antique sideboard in the drawing 
         room that I think is reproduction. [she looks at him] Oh. 
         It's Eric, isn't it?

She nods, then stands and walks closer to the fire.

 Daphne: I don't know why I'm being so silly.  We weren't together 
         long enough for anything to really happen. 
  Niles: [comes up behind her] Sometimes the strongest feelings come 
         from the promise of what might happen.  Just the anticipation 
         is enough to make all the little hairs on your neck stand on 
         end. 

He smooths down the hackles on the back of his neck.  Suddenly she 
turns to face him.

 Daphne: Dr. Crane...
  Niles: [passionately:] Yes, Daphne? 
 Daphne: We're losing the fire.
  Niles: No we're not, it's burning with the heat of a thousand suns!
 Daphne: [turning to the fire:] But it's down to its last embers!
  Niles: [calming down:] Well then... I'll put some wood on it!

CUT TO:

Scene Seven - Frasier's BMW.
The car has stalled outside of Maris's mansion.

 Martin: You flooded it.  You had to keep pumping gas and now you 
         flooded it.
Frasier: Dad, you cannot flood a fuel-injected engine.  Oh, this so
         maddening.  We're so close to the house, I can see the 
         gargoyles! 
 Martin: If we'd have taken Roosevelt...
Frasier: We'd be stuck on Roosevelt!
 Martin: You never can admit it when you made a mistake, could you?
Frasier: [unbuckles seatbelt] Oh that is it, just call the auto club, 
         I'm gonna make a dash for it. 

He gets out of the car and runs.

 Martin: [shouting:] You'll make better time if you take the shortcut 
         by the side of the fountain! [off Frasier's response:] Well, 
         same to you!

CUT TO: 

Scene Eight - Maris's Mansion.
Daphne and Niles are now lying down in front of the fire.  Daphne is 
on her back, Niles on his side, head propped on one elbow, looking 
down at her.

 Daphne: I suppose I just fall in love too fast.  The minute I feel
         that spark, I just give my heart away. 
  Niles: Daphne, you must stop being so hard on yourself.  What you 
         see as a fault is also your greatest gift - to be so open, 
         warm and loving. 
 Daphne: You're so kind, Dr. Crane.  I'm glad we ended up like this
         tonight.
  Niles: So am I. 
 Daphne: It's just so nice to be with a man you feel so comfortable
         with.  I feel very close to you.
  Niles: I feel very close to you too, Daphne.  You know it's easy 
         being someone you feel close to, when you feel close to 
         someone... who's so close.

Daphne rests her head back and closes her eyes.  If Niles moves now,
she could be his.  He leans over to kiss her...

Suddenly beautiful music is heard.  Daphne opens her eyes and sees 
the Glockenspiel whirring away.

 Daphne: Dr. Crane, your Glockenspiel has sprung to life!
  Niles: [confused, then looks up:] Oh, the clock!  
 
He gets up and sits on the couch to admire it.  In front of him, 
Daphne rises to her knees to do the same.

  Niles: My God, it hasn't run like this in years!  Maris will be 
         delighted... Maris.
 Daphne: You really love her, don't you?
  Niles: You know, I do.  Love is a funny thing, isn't it?  Sometimes 
         it's exciting and passionate.  Sometimes it's something else.
         Something... comfortable and familiar.  That newly-exfoliated
         little face staring up at you across the breakfast table...
         sharing a laugh together when you see someone wearing white
         after Labor Day.
 Daphne: I hope some day some man will feel that way about me. 
  Niles: [staring into her eyes:] Oh... Daphne, don't worry.  You are
         a very special person, and some day a man worthy of you will
         come along... just as soon as the gods create him. 
 Daphne: [laughs] That's the loveliest thing anyone's ever said to me. 
         Thank you, Dr. Crane.  You're a good friend. 

Unaware that Frasier has just vaulted onto the terrace outside, 
Daphne leans forward and kisses Niles on the cheek.  Just as
she does, lightning flashes and thunder booms.

Frasier: STOOOOOO-OOOP!  STOOOOOP!

They turn in shock to see Frasier, soaking wet, pounding on the 
glass doors with both fists and screaming, looking rather like 
Dustin Hoffman in "The Graduate", or with the lightning crashing 
behind him, a character in an old horror film.

  Niles: Frasier!

Niles opens a side door and Frasier rushes in.

Frasier: My God, have you two gone mad?!  You'll regret this for the
         rest of your lives!
  Niles: What are you talking about?
Frasier: Well, the two of you here alone, the fire, the candlelight,
         the nightie!
 Daphne: [laughing:] Dr. Crane, you didn't think that Dr. Crane and I
         were... [shocked:] Dr. Crane!  You have some nerve to imply 
         that your brother would do anything so deplorable!  Why, 
         just moments ago he made a beautiful speech about how much 
         he loves his wife, how he cherishes her excruciating little 
         face, and how they laugh at white people! 

Frasier looks confused.

 Daphne: [to Niles:] That didn't sound right.
  Niles: Close enough.
Frasier: I'm sorry, Daphne, I didn't mean to suggest that, I didn't 
         try to imply that...
 Daphne: Well then, exactly what was it you wanted us to stop doing?
Frasier: I... wanted you to stop standing here in silence.  A night 
         like this calls for music!  Daphne, please, some wine for 
         all of us.  Niles, join me at the piano, please.

Daphne goes and pours some wine.  Frasier grabs Niles by the arm and 
pulls him down onto the piano bench with him.

Frasier: Are you sure everything's alright?
  Niles: Absolutely.  Frasier, my Glockenspiel is working again!

Frasier browses through his "Gray's Anatomy" for a moment, then:

Frasier: Shall we?

They begin to play.

End of Act Two (Time: 22:15)

Credits:

Niles and Frasier are playing the piano, Daphne stands behind them,
all three of them are singing.  It is still raining, and Martin comes 
round the corner knocking on the windows.  However, their boisterous 
singing drowns him out, and he is left out in the stormy weather, 
pounding on the window with his cane.


Act One

Scene A: KACL Radio Station. 
Frasier is doing his show.
 
Frasier: [on-air] Just remember Angela, cosmetic surgery is only a
         superficial solution.  You can lift your eyelids, but it can't
         lift that little cloud of pessimism that hovers over you.  
         Thank you for your call.  So okay Roz, who's our next caller? 

He looks over to find that Roz's booth is empty. 

Frasier: Roz?  Perhaps this would be a good time to go to commercial 
         break.  We'll be right back after these messages. 

He goes off the air and walks into Roz's booth, looks into the 
corridor, spots Roz coming back and hides behind the door.  

Roz comes running in, sits down and realizes Frasier's not where he's 
supposed to be.

    Roz: Frasier? [he tilts her seat back so she can see him] Whoa!  
         Hi.
Frasier: A little disturbing, looking in the booth and seeing no one 
         there, isn't it?
    Roz: I'm sorry, but I was up in the newsroom, trying to find out if
         they've announced the nominations for the SeaBeas yet.
Frasier: Oh, I forgot.  Are those coming out today?
    Roz: You forgot?  They're only the biggest award in Seattle radio!
Frasier: Well, I suppose it's the difference in our ages, but I don't
         find myself getting excited about... well, much of anything
         anymore.

Noel Shempsky enters.

   Noel: Congratulations, guys.
Frasier: YES!!!  Yes, we got a nomination!
    Roz: Who did you hear it from?
   Noel: Oh, I haven't heard anything, I was just congratulating you on
         doing a great show.  If anyone deserves a nomination, you guys
         do.

Long Pause.

Frasier: [growling] Get out, Noel.
   Noel: Okay, catch you later. [exits]
Frasier: Well I... I guess I'm a little more excited than I let on.  
         Well, it'll be a big feather in my cap to win this, first 
         year in radio and all that? [goes into recording booth]
    Roz: Are you kidding?  I've been in this business for ten years, 
         I've never produced a show that got nominated for anything. 
         [phone rings, she answers] Hello?  Oh hi, Millie.  You're 
         kidding.  You're kidding! [Frasier comes racing back] Oh, 
         you're kidding, that's great!  Thanks, bye. [puts phone down]
Frasier: We got the nomination!
    Roz: No, Millie in Promotions is getting married!
Frasier: DAMN IT, ROZ!

FADE OUT

Scene B: Cafe Nervosa. 
Frasier and Niles are having coffee. 

  Niles: And then she said she'd been seeing someone else.  She 
         couldn't keep living a lie.  I was dumbfounded.  I mean, 
         what about everything we'd gone through together, didn't 
         that mean anything to her?
Frasier: Niles, a patient has a right to change therapists.

Bebe Glaser, Frasier's unscrupulous agent, walks in.

   Bebe: Frasier!  Thank God.
Frasier: Bebe, what are you doing here?
   Bebe: What kind of agent would I be if I weren't the first to tell
         you that you've been nominated for a 1994 SeaBea!
Frasier: [jumps up] I WAS NOMINATED!  I WAS NOMINATED! 

He notices everyone in the room is looking at him, so he sits down. 

Frasier: Well, I was.
   Bebe: Yes.  You, Frasier Crane M.D., PhD, S-T-U-D, are the man of 
         the hour. [notices Niles] Bebe Glaser, Frasier's agent.
  Niles: Dr. Niles Crane, Frasier's brother.
   Bebe: You're not a psychiatrist too?
  Niles: Yes.
   Bebe: Oh, please!  If I'm ever to have a breakdown, let me have it 
         now! [to Niles] Double-double decaf, to go.
Frasier: So, this, ah, this is quite a surprise, you know.  Actually 
         I'd, ah, forgotten that the nominations were coming out today.
   Bebe: Oh, isn't he precious?  You must be very proud of Frasier.
  Niles: Well actually... no.  This nomination is just one more 
         signpost on the low road of celebrity which my brother has 
         chosen for himself.
Frasier: Well, that's not sibling rivalry rearing its vicious little 
         green snout?
  Niles: Absolutely not.  I'm still in the minority who still believes
         that psychiatry is a noble profession that is tarnished by 
         such things as popularity contests, not to mention a bouncy 
         little radio program.
   Bebe: I bet you two had wicked little hair-pulling fights when you 
         were tots.

Both Niles and Frasier touch their hair.

  Niles: Yes, well.  This has been delightful, but I really must run. 
         I'm due at my sexual addiction group, and I don't like to 
         leave them alone for too long. [he leaves as Roz enters]
    Roz: Frasier?
Frasier: Roz!
    Roz: Frasier, Frasier, Frasier!
Frasier: Roz, Roz, Roz! [they hug and do a little dance]
    Roz: We did it!
Frasier: I know!  Come and sit down.  You know, I've never really 
         won anything before.  Although back in prep school, the 
         Existentialist Club once named me "Most Likely To Be."
    Roz: You want to hear the greatest part?  I've already got a date 
         for the ceremony - Brad MacNamara.
Frasier: The Channel Eight reporter?  "Television's Most Handsome Man."
    Roz: Yes.  You know, for months he wouldn't give me the time of 
         day, but one nomination and he knew who I was.
   Bebe: Who are you?
    Roz: I'm Roz Doyle.  Frasier's producer.
   Bebe: Oh, yes that's right, I've seen you bring him coffee.  By the
         way, would you mind getting mine?
Frasier: I'd better get myself on the ball here, I've got a lot to do.
   Bebe: Oh, not really, darling.  I've already got your tux, rented 
         you a limo and your tickets will be waiting for you at the 
         door.
Frasier: Well... seems the only thing you haven't taken care of is 
         finding me a date.
   Bebe: Your subtlety floors me, I'd love to.  I am thrilled, thrilled, 
         thrilled for you both.  I've got to run.  Two of my other 
         clients weren't nominated and I have to tell them what a 
         worthless award this is.

FADE TO:

ROZ AND FRASIER
HATCH A MERRY PLAN


Scene C: Frasier's Apartment. 
He is opening a bottle of champagne.  Martin and Daphne are watching.

Frasier: Daphne, you may not be aware of this, but there is a special
         secret to opening a bottle of champagne, especially a fine 
         French champagne as unprepossessing as this one — two hundred 
         dollars a bottle.  In order to prevent spillage, one does not 
         simply twist out the cork.  Instead, one holds the cork 
         stationary, you see, and then gives the bottle three easy 
         turns.  One... 

The cork flies out with a loud POP, champagne gushes everywhere. 

Frasier: OH, GOD!  Oh no, get some glasses! 

Eddie starts licking the spillage from the table.  Frasier shoos him 
away.

Frasier: Eddie, get away from there, you mangy little cur!  Oh, Lord.  
         Oh well, that wasn't too bad, I believe we've salvaged most 
         of it.
 Martin: I'd say this calls for a toast.  To my number one son.  
         Congratulations on your first nomination for... well, 
         anything.  Frasier, I'm proud of you.
Frasier: Thanks, dad.  Means a lot to me.

Martin exits to the kitchen as Daphne sips her champagne.

 Daphne: Mmm.  Oh, this champagne is delicious.
Frasier: Mmm.  It's quite exquisite, isn't it?  Dad, what do you think?

Martin returns from the kitchen with a beer, which he pours into his
champagne glass.

 Martin: I was in the mood for something domestic.
 Daphne: You know, I must say, Dr. Crane, it's awfully nice that, 
         although I'm an employee here, you include me in all the 
         family celebrations.
Frasier: Well Daphne, there's never been any doubt that I, I think of
         you as my equal in every way.

The doorbell rings. Frasier sits down while Daphne sips her champagne. 
When it rings again, Frasier glares at her until she moves.

 Daphne: [sarcastically] Oh, I'll get it.
Frasier: Oh, would you?
 Daphne: Would you like me to announce your visitor?
Frasier: Oh, just answer the door!
 Daphne: [answering door] Oh, hello Roz.
    Roz: [entering] Daphne.
 Martin: Roz!
    Roz: Hey.
 Daphne: Congratulations.
    Roz: Oh, thanks.  You know, I couldn't believe it myself.  Brad 
         MacNamara!
Frasier: Roz, I believe she was referring to your SeaBea nomination?
 Daphne: No, I meant Brad MacNamara.  Oh, do you think he wears any 
         pants under that desk?
    Roz: Not on my TV.

They laugh like schoolgirls, complete with catcalls and air-pumping.

Frasier: Girls, can we just cut out the pajama party, please?
    Roz: [to Martin] Hello, Mr. C.
 Martin: [taps his cheek] Hey Roz, how's my girlfriend?
    Roz: Well, [gives him a kiss] she's nominated.
 Daphne: How about a glass of champagne?  Apparently it's French and
         unprepossessing.
Frasier: Oh Daphne, save your breath.  It could come out of a box and 
         Roz would have a glass of it.
 Daphne: You know, I must say, I am so proud of you, Roz, being 
         recognized in a male-dominated industry.  It's one more 
         step forward for working women.  You're a credit to our 
         gender.
    Roz: Well, thank you Daphne.  Oh, that reminds me, do you have a 
         push-up bra I could borrow?
 Daphne: I'll go and look. [exits]
    Roz: Thanks. [to Frasier] I'm sorry to barge in like this, but I 
         had to show you this, Frasier. [retrieves a piece of newspaper 
         from her bag] I've got a friend over at "Broadcast Magazine"
         who sent me a copy.  It's a full-page ad.
Frasier: [reading] "Wendy Ashiro wishes to thank the members of the 
         voting committee for her nomination, and hopes they consider 
         her for the award."  This is nothing but shameless self- 
         promotion.  It's in very bad taste.
    Roz: I know.  What are we gonna put in our ad?
 Martin: Wendy Ashiro's up against you for this award?  Oh, I like her,
         she's a cutie.
Frasier: You're not suggesting we put our own ad in this thing?
    Roz: Frasier, we're falling behind.  Mike Sanchez has already sent
         out tapes of his show.
 Martin: Mike Sanchez?  Oh, I like him.
    Roz: And who knows what Fletcher Grey's doing?
 Martin: Fletcher Grey?
Frasier: THANK YOU, DAD! [to Roz, about the ad] Well, all right, I—
         just as long as it's tasteful and understated.
    Roz: Great.  I'll call my friend, and have him work something up 
         for us.
Frasier: No, wait a minute, wait a minute, we really want to stand out,
         why run another boring old ad?  We should do something 
         different, something unique.
    Roz: Hey, I heard last year's winner threw a big cocktail party.
Frasier: Okay, okay, we could do that, but we should do something else,
         something to keep our names in their minds.  You know what I 
         mean?  Uh, I know.  Personalized gifts, uh, from oh, the new 
         Tiffany's catalogue. [picks it up]
    Roz: That's good.  That's it.
Frasier: I saw the most incredible cigarette cases in here.
    Roz: No, no.  No cigarette cases, it sends out a bad message.
Frasier: Oh, yeah.
    Roz: Ooh, how about a silver flask?
Frasier: No, we've already got your vote, Roz.
 Martin: Hold on a minute.  Look, I may not know anything about show-
         business, but when you start sending out gifts to people who
         can do something for you, that's called bribery.
Frasier: It's a simple "Thank you" for a nomination.
 Martin: Well, I'm glad to hear that. [takes catalogue] Because if I 
         had to give somebody a gift to get an award, it's not worth 
         having.  Might as well just go on down to the trophy store 
         and buy one yourself. [throws catalogue on fire, then exits]

Frasier and Roz sit down dejectedly. Silence for a moment, then-

    Roz: I really want that award.
Frasier: Me too!
    Roz: Get that catalogue!

They both make a dash for the fireplace.

End of Act One.
 
Act Two.

THE PLOT THICKENS


Scene A: The Seattle Broadcast Awards.
A black tie affair.  Martin and Frasier are standing by the door.

   Martin: Well, you coming in or not?
  Frasier: Dad, this is a big moment for me.  I want to drink it in.
   Martin: Me, too.  Where's the bar?

They enter, followed by a hobbling Daphne.

   Daphne: Hey, not so fast.  Me shoes are killing me.  I hate these 
           shoes, I should never have let that salesgirl talk me into 
           getting them.
   Martin: They look real good on you, though.
   Daphne: [brightening up] You think so?

A man calls Frasier over.

 Peterson: Dr. Crane?  Bob Peterson, voting committee. [they shake 
           hands]
  Frasier: Hi, Bob.
 Peterson: Look, I just wanted to wish you good luck tonight.
  Frasier: Thank you, thank you.
 Peterson: Oh, and uh, thanks for the bathrobe.
  Frasier: Oh, it's nothing.  People get out of the shower, they're 
           cold.

A woman comes over as Peterson leaves.

    Woman: Dr. Crane.  Love the watch. [indicates her wristwatch]
  Frasier: It's nothing, really.  It's a pretty good likeness of me 
           though, isn't it?
   Daphne: Can we please sit down?  I have got to sit down. [she sits 
           at the nearest table]
  Frasier: Daphne, we're at table eight.  This isn't our table.
   Daphne: [ripping up the card with the table number on it] It is now.
   Martin: [indicating distinguished man] Hey, isn't that Fletcher 
           Grey?
  Frasier: Oh yes, I believe it is.
   Martin: Oh boy, you really got your work cut out for you here.  Let 
           me tell you, that guy's a class act.  I been listening to 
           him for twenty years.  You know, I don't usually do this, 
           but I'm going over to shake his hand. [leaves table as Roz 
           enters]
      Roz: Hey, guys.
  Frasier: Oh, Roz.  There's my fellow nominee.
      Roz: Frasier, those gifts were such a great idea.  Everybody's 
           talking about them.
  Frasier: I know.  Did you see the valet parking board? Half the key 
           chains there are ours!
      Roz: Look, Frasier, this is a very big night for me, so please, 
           PLEASE don't spoil it by making fun of who I brought.
  Frasier: I thought you were bringing Brad MacNamara?
      Roz: Well I was, but he got called out on a story at the last 
           minute.  Some hospital went up in flames.  Do you know 
           anyone who has worse luck than I do?

Roz's date enters.  It's Noel.

     Noel: Hi, Dr. Crane. [gives Vulcan peace salute]
  Frasier: Oh, hi Noel. [to Roz, quietly] Noel Shempsky's your date?
      Roz: Mmm-hmm.
     Noel: [arrives at table and puts his arm around Roz] A tip, Dr. 
           Crane?  If you're ever nominated again, there's a metered 
           parking block three blocks away.  They don't check after 
           six! [to Roz] Oh, here are the car keys so you can drive us 
           home. [to Frasier] I have night blindness. [goes to table]
      Roz: I wish I did.
     Noel: [sits next to Daphne] Hi.  I'm Noel.
   Daphne: Nice to meet you.  Can you rub my feet?
  Frasier: Daphne!

Niles arrives.

    Niles: Good evening, everybody.
  Frasier: Oh, hi Niles.  Listen, thank you so much for coming.  I know 
           how you feel about this award, and about coming downtown 
           after 
           dark.
    Niles: Don't be silly.  You're my brother and I wouldn't miss a 
           gala affair like this.  Hello, Daphne.
   Daphne: Can you rub my feet?
    Niles: Yes.
  Frasier: [stopping him] Niles.  So, where's Maris?
    Niles: Well, we were just getting ready to leave the house, when 
           Maris got a glimpse of herself in the hall mirror...
  Frasier: Niles, at the end of this story, will I roll my eyes?
    Niles: I did.
  Frasier: Well then, just skip it.  Listen, get me a scotch, will you?
   Martin: [returning] That Fletcher Grey, he's aces.  Would you 
           believe he remembered me from 1968?
  Frasier: No!
   Martin: Yeah, I was working on a murder case he was covering.  He 
           just looked at me and said, "Hey, you're the guy who found 
           the head."  He's been nominated for this award eleven times 
           and he's never won it.
  Frasier: Really?  Jeez, I didn't know that.
   Daphne: Well, I'm afraid he's just going to have to lose again, 
           right Dr. Crane?
   Martin: Well, if he does you can always cheer him up by sending him
           something nice from your little gift shop.

Fletcher Grey comes over to the table.

 Fletcher: Dr. Crane?
  Frasier: Fletcher Grey!
 Fletcher: Been meaning to come over and wish you luck.  Even though I 
           don't think you need it.
  Frasier: Well, that's very kind.  I, I hardly think I have a chance 
           against you tonight.
 Fletcher: Well you know, I hope you're right?  I'd really love to win 
           it this time.  Eleven losses in a row, it's starting to get 
           a little embarrassing.
  Frasier: Oh, don't be silly.  You'd have to lose fifteen, sixteen 
           times before you'd feel the least bit ashamed.
 Fletcher: Would you believe I even considered campaigning for it this 
           year?  You know, sending out gifts, throwing one on those 
           parties.  Bet you'd have something to say on your radio 
           program about someone who's THAT self-absorbed.
   Martin: I bet he could do a whole hour on it.

Fletcher's Mom comes over.

Mrs. Grey: Fletcher dear, they're starting to serve the salads.
 Fletcher: Oh, Mom. [to Frasier] I'm sixty years old, and I'm still her 
           little boy. 
           Dr. Crane, I'd like you to meet my mother, Hannah.
  Frasier: What a pleasure, Hannah.  Nice to meet you.
 Fletcher: Mom just flew in from Scottsdale.  This is her eleventh 
           year.
Mrs. Grey: I hope he wins it this time.  It's getting harder and harder 
           to get on that plane.
 Fletcher: Mom, why don't you go back to the table before your legs 
           swell up?  I'll get you another Pink Lady.  No, no mom, over 
           there.

They go back to their table as Bebe arrives.

     Bebe: Sorry I've been detained, dear.
  Frasier: Oh hi, Bebe.
     Bebe: Civilization will not advance one iota until they start 
           putting more toilets in the ladies room.

Niles returns with Frasier's scotch.

  Frasier: Oh, thank you Niles.
     Bebe: [to Niles] Some champagne.
     Noel: Ah, a diet root beer?

Niles leaves to get the drinks.

     Bebe: I have to tell you that the buzz in line was that all those
           lovely gifts you've been sending have really paid off.  It 
           looks like you're in a neck-and-neck race with Fletcher 
           Grey, that wrinkled old war... [notices Martin] ...rt.  
           Hello, Mr. Crane.  You're even more handsome than the last 
           time I saw you.  If I were twenty years older they couldn't 
           keep me away from you.
   Martin: That's why I keep this cane.

The ceremony begins as Keith Bishop, the emcee, takes the podium.

    Keith: Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.  Would everybody please 
           take their seats?  I'm Keith Bishop, and I'd like to welcome 
           you to the fifteenth annual SeaBea awards.  Assisting me 
           tonight in handing out the awards is Miss SeaBea 1994, Tawny 
           Van Deusen.

As the Emcee carries on with the ceremony, Frasier talks to Roz.

  Frasier: Listen Roz, I'm starting to feel uncomfortable about all the
           campaigning we did.  Did you know Fletcher Grey has been 
           nominated eleven times and never won?  He didn't lift a 
           finger to win this thing.
      Roz: Frasier, don't worry about him.  Besides, he can win it next
           year.
    Keith: Before we start this evening's program, I'd like to take 
           this moment to make a very sad announcement.  I just found 
           out moments ago that the dean of Seattle radio, my mentor 
           Fletcher Grey, will be retiring this year.
      All: Awww...
    Keith: Take a bow, Fletcher. 

Fletcher does so, to the applause of the audience.

    Keith: Well, we're gonna start things off with a bang.  The award 
           for "Outstanding Achievement For Informational Programming 
           in Radio..."
      Roz: That's us, that's us!
    Keith: Whoops.  Can't see a thing without my glasses.
  Frasier: You know, Fletcher Grey really deserves this award.  If we 
           win, can't we just not accept it?
      Roz: [grabbing him by the shirt] Listen, Frasier!  I have waited 
           ten years to get this award and if I have to crawl over 
           Fletcher Grey's mother to get it, I'll DO IT!
  Frasier: Roz, I... I've never seen you like this before.
      Roz: It isn't pretty, is it?
    Keith: The nominations: "Community Forum," Wendy Ashiro, talent, 
           Mike Freedman, producer.

Light applause.

    Keith: "Consumer Update," Mike Sanchez, talent, T.J. "Chester" 
           Nuevo, producer.

More light applause.

    Keith: "The Frasier Crane Show," Dr. Frasier Crane, talent, Roz 
           Doyle, producer.

Still more light applause.

    Keith: "Fletcher Grey: From Where I Sit," Fletcher Grey, talent, 
           Fletcher Grey, producer.

There is a huge round of applause.] 

    Keith: And the envelope, please?
  Frasier: If we win this thing, they're gonna lynch us!
      Roz: So what?  At least everyone will see my dress.
    Keith: Well... this is a first.  It seems we have a tie.
  Frasier: Good.  We can share it with Fletcher.
      Roz: I don't want to share it!  I'm already sharing it with you!
    Keith: And the winners are... Wendy Ashiro and Mike Sanchez!
  Frasier: What?? 
      Roz: What!!
Mrs. Grey: What?

FADE TO:

THE THRILLING DENOUEMENT


Scene B: Time Lapse.
The staff are cleaning up.  Roz and Frasier are still drowning 
their sorrows.

  Martin: Well, the party's over.  Are you coming home?
 Frasier: No, dad.
  Martin: Then I'll guess we'll just go on without you. 
 Frasier: Fine with me.
  Martin: Listen, Frasier.  I don't agree with the way you went about 
          it, but I'm still sorry that you lost.  It's never easy to 
          lose.
 Frasier: Thanks, dad.
  Martin: Of course, if you were to have joined some organized sports 
          when you were a kid, when the lessons of winning and losing 
          could have been learned at an early age, you might have...
 Frasier: DAD!
  Martin: All right.  Sorry, wrong time.  We'll talk about it tomorrow, 
          over breakfast.  Okay, Daphne.  Let's get you home, and soak 
          your feet in some hot Epsom Salts.
  Daphne: Oh, I have the life of a princess. [they leave]
    Noel: Don't feel bad, Roz. it's an honor just to get a nomination.
     Roz: Will you stop saying that?
    Noel: Okay.  I'm leaving.
     Roz: Oh Noel, I'm sorry, I'm just despondent. [he waits, 
          expectantly] ...No no, go ahead. [waves him away]
 Frasier: ROZ!
     Roz: Noel?  Noel?  I'm sorry.  Thank you.  I'll see you at work, 
          on Monday?

He shows her the thumbs-up sign and leaves.  Fletcher comes over.

Fletcher: How you guys doing?
     Roz: Well, I've been better.

Niles enters, hands Fletcher a drink, then leaves.

Fletcher: You know, when you feel this sting of losing, you have to 
          realize that it all boils down to the fact that it's not  
          about awards.  It's not about accolades.  It's about a body 
          of work.  If you can look at yourself in a mirror and say 
          you've done a good job, that's all that matters. If you can 
          do that, let the awards fall where they may. 

He leaves.

 Frasier: Wow.  All those nominations, nothing to show for it, he still 
          walks out of here with his head held high and a smile on his 
          face.
     Roz: [bursting into tears] I'm never going to get nominated for a 
          SeaBea again!
 Frasier: Oh, come on Roz.
     Roz: I mean it, I'm not!
 Frasier: Oh, no.
     Roz: The world is full of winners and losers, and I'm just a 
          loser!
 Frasier: Aw, I wouldn't be with you if you were a loser.  Come on, 
          we're a team.  Look, before we're done, we're gonna win lots 
          of these things.  You and I are amigos, compadres, okay?  Now 
          listen, I am not gonna leave your side until I see a little 
          smile on that face.

Tawny, Miss SeaBea, wanders toward Frasier.

   Tawny: Dr. Crane?  I really love your show, and I was just
          wondering, would you like to have a drink with me?
 Frasier: [to Roz] Do I see the beginning of a little smile?
     Roz: Oh, go ahead.
 Frasier: Thanks, Roz. 

He gets up and leaves with Tawny 

 Frasier: So, it's a very interesting name you have.
   Tawny: You mean Miss SeaBea?
 Frasier: Well actually, I, er... yeah.

End of Act Two.

Credits: 

Roz and Fletcher's Mom are having a drink together.  When Roz has 
another crying jag, Mom takes the opportunity to steal her drink. 

ACT ONE

Scene One - KACL
Frasier is at his console.

Frasier: [on air] To start off the second hour, I would like to depart
         from my usual format because I recently read a book that...
         well, it truly just knocked my mental socks off.  It's called
         "The Menopausal Male," and its author, the distinguished 
         psychiatric scholar Dr. Helmut Bruga, has graciously agreed 
         to join us today from his offices at the University of 
         Washington.  Dr. Bruga, guten tag.  I've been an admirer 
         of yours for a long time.
  Bruga: [v.o.] Thank you. I enjoy your show as well.
Frasier: Really?
  Bruga: Yes.  Though I do not in most cases agree with your analysis.
Frasier: Back to your book.  Now, we're all very familiar with the 
         changes in the female menopause, but your research indicates...
  Bruga: Excuse me, Dr. Crane.  May I say hello to Roz?
Frasier: Yes, of course.
  Bruga: Hello, Roz.
    Roz: Hello, Dr. Bruga.
Frasier: Yes, your research indicates that the reproductive imperative
         is re-awakened in later life, when the man is...
  Bruga: You have a very sensuous voice.
Frasier: ...Thank you.
  Bruga: Not you, Roz.
Frasier: Yes well, back to male menopause.
  Bruga: Would you perhaps like to go to a movie or something, maybe
         grab a bite?
    Roz: Well, that would be very... 

Frasier holds up the book so she can see the photo on the dust jacket. 

    Roz: No.  No, thank you very much.
Frasier: Well, our time has just flown by.  Thank you for joining us, 
         Dr. Bruga, and for so vividly proving your point.
  Bruga: You will give Roz my number?
Frasier: Oh, I think Roz has your number!

FADE OUT

SITTING PRETTY


Scene Two - Apartment
The doorbell bing-bongs and Daphne answers.  It's Niles.

 Daphne: Oh, hello, Dr. Crane.
  Niles: Hello, Daphne.  I hope I haven't come at a bad time.
 Daphne: Well, your brother isn't home from work yet, and your father's
         out walking Eddie.
  Niles: [entering] Oh, darn the luck.  I, ah, I stopped by to drop 
         this off. [holds up a jewelry case] It's a necklace I bought  
         for Maris, I was hoping to hide it here until her birthday.
 Daphne: Well, I'm sure it'll be all right.  Mind if I have a peek?
  Niles: Not at all. 

He opens the case and flicks the necklace into Daphne's hand, stealing 
a glance down her cleavage as she catches it.

 Daphne: Oh, my - emeralds.  Your practice must be doing awfully well. 
         Who'd have thought the mentally disturbed had this much money?
  Niles: Would you like to try it on?
 Daphne: Oh, I'd love to.  If you don't think Mrs. Crane would mind.
  Niles: Oh, certainly not.  Maris is the soul of generosity.  Just 
         last week she donated all her old cocktail dresses to a 
         homeless shelter.

He stands behind her and drapes it over her neck.

 Daphne: Oh, let me just get me hair out of the way.
  Niles: All right, here we go...

As Niles attempts to close the catch, the necklace slips (accidentally?)
from his fingers and drops down the front of Daphne's blouse.

Niles/Daphne: Oh, dear!/OOH!
 Daphne: Oh, my. [puts hand down top and starts fishing for the
         necklace] Can you see them?
  Niles: [looking] Oh yes, thank you.

Frasier enters and takes in the scene.

Frasier: [deadpan] Hello, Niles.  Whatever are you doing here?
  Niles: I, um, bought an emerald necklace for Maris, and I needed some
         place to hide it for her birthday.
Frasier: Emeralds?  Well, may I see it?
  Niles: Not at the moment, no.
Frasier: Why not?
 Daphne: It's down me blouse.
Frasier: I see.  Well, I'm sure Maris will never think of looking for 
         it there.
 Daphne: It slipped down there when I was trying it on.  I'll just go
         extract it. 

She goes to her bedroom.

  Niles: Just call me butterfingers.
Frasier: Join a health club, Niles.

Martin and Eddie arrive.

 Martin: Hey, guys.
  Niles: Hey, Dad.
Frasier: Oh, hi, Dad.
 Martin: Well, Niles.  What brings you by? 
  Niles: Uh, Maris's birthday.  I'm hiding her gift here.
 Martin: Oh, it's getting that time again, huh?  Well, I guess I'm 
         gonna have to get her something.  It's too bad, I just got 
         back from the hardware store.  Saw a great-looking ratchet 
         set.
Frasier: As if there's anything left on her that needs tightening.

Martin brings out a roll of duct tape.

Frasier: Oh Dad, no, no!  Not more duct tape!
 Martin: Yeah. [applying a length to The Chair] I gotta repair a little
         split in the old throne here.  You gotta catch these rips 
         early, or they look like hell.
Frasier: You know, Dad, instead of repairing this old relic all the 
         time, why don't we just bring the Eames down here?
 Martin: Ah no, that thing's too fancy for me, I just need a comfortable       
         place to park my fanny. [starts towards bedroom]
Frasier: [sotto voce] How about Florida?
 Martin: I heard that. 

He leaves.

Frasier: God, you know, when you think of all the care I put into 
         decorating my home, only to have it mocked by this atrocity.
  Niles: The bottom line is, it is your home.  Why don't you just make 
         him get rid of it?
Frasier: Yes well, it's not as simple as all that.  I mean, one would
         have to find the appropriate moment.  I mean, Dad does have 
         his feelings, and one should consider those, and he has quite 
         an attachment to this little chair...
  Niles: You're afraid to stand up to him, aren't you?
Frasier: Oh, like you're not.
  Niles: Well, at least I don't have to live with something unattractive.

Frasier shoots Niles a look from under raised eyebrows.  Niles, taking 
his meaning, looks offended.

Frasier: Oh Niles, Niles, I'm just having some fun with you.  Actually, 
         I think Maris is rather attractive - in a, a minimalist sort 
         of way. [then] Oh, forget it, I'm just upset about the chair.
  Niles: You know, Frasier, there is a perfectly sound psychological 
         basis for getting rid of this chair.
Frasier: Oh, really?  Well, enlighten me, doctor.
  Niles: With pleasure.  Originally, Dad needed it to bridge the 
         transition from his old apartment to life here with you.  
         But as with all transitional objects - be they a teddy bear, 
         be they a thumb, be they a blankie, be they a chair...
Frasier: Stop saying "Be they!"
  Niles: The point is, there comes a time when the healthy thing is to
         put these security objects aside and reassert your independence. 
Frasier: Yes, of course.  So what you're saying is that if I should, 
         say, go down to the store and buy Dad a new chair, throw this 
         one in the trash heap, I wouldn't be doing it for me, I'd be 
         doing it for him.
  Niles: Yes.  And it would be a nice payback for the day he used your
         blankie to clean his service revolver. [looks at watch] Oops,
         I'm sorry, our time is up.

FADE TO:

GOOD VIBRATIONS


Scene Three - Furniture Store, Recliner Section
Frasier and Niles are strangers in a strange land.

   Niles: Dear God, Frasier, we've stumbled upon Hell's waiting room.
 Frasier: All right, now this is not a moment for the faint of heart. 
          We're treading a thin line here, Niles. We've got to find 
          something that compliments my decor as well as fulfills Dad's 
          requirements.

He sees one with a particularly ghastly covering. 

 Frasier: Oh, dear God.  Can you imagine anyone would have something 
          like that in their living room?
   Niles: It looks like someone upholstered it in golf pants.

A salesman walks past them.

 Frasier: Excuse me, perhaps you could help us here.
Salesman: [not stopping] Yeah, perhaps.
 Frasier: Well, we're looking for a chair.
Salesman: [still not stopping] We got 'em. 
 Frasier: Wait, wait-wait-wait! [the salesman stops]
   Niles: Ideally, we're looking for something with the presence of a 
          Mies van der Rohe and the playful insouciance of an early Le 
          Corbusier.
Salesman: [pointing to chair at random] This one vibrates.
 Frasier: Yes well, perhaps you could direct us to your recliners, 
          preferably one in suede.
Salesman: People seem to like this "Lazy-guy."
 Frasier: "Lazy-guy."  I wonder what they call the deluxe model?  The 
          "Hopeless Slack-Ass?"

Niles bends over laughing, then notices a black leather recliner.

   Niles: Oh, hey.  Well, what about this one over here? [points to 
          leather recliner]
 Frasier: You know, I-I hate to admit it, but that would not look 
          altogether hideous in my living room.
Salesman: Have a seat.  This one's got Swedish massage.
   Niles: Oh, ha, no thank you.
 Frasier: Go ahead, Niles.  Try it out.
Salesman: I'll fire it up for you.
   Niles: [dusting chair before sitting] That won't be necessary.  
          I like to sit in my chair, I don't really like to vibrate 
          very much.  No, thank you any- [the salesman switches it on] 
          Wha-hey.... ahh... ooh... 

And other excited noises...

Salesman: It also has shiatsu. [alters controls] 
   Niles: OHHH... I never knew a chair could be this satisfying... 
          I never knew that anything could.  I want it.
 Frasier: Right, Niles.  I'm sure it would fit right in with all of 
          Maris's 18th-century antiques.
   Niles: Well then, I'll just rent it an apartment and visit it on the
          side.
Salesman: So what do you think?  Why don't you have a try yourself?
 Frasier: Well, I don't really think that's necessary.  You see, I'm 
          buying it for my father..
   Niles: No, no.  You've got to sit in it.
 Frasier: And who knows about other people's tastes..
   Niles: You can't make a decision before you sit in it.
 Frasier: Something seems as if it's not quite right, [sits] really, 
          I just... whoa... OH, MOMMY!

Scene Four - Apartment
Eddie is barking loudly.

Frasier: Eddie?  What is the matter with him?
 Daphne: He saw your father's chair was gone, and he's afraid it means
         your father's gone too.  I think he suspects foul play.
Frasier: [to Eddie] Oh, stop it!  If I had stuck Dad's feet into a 
         bucket of cement and thrown him into Puget Sound, you would 
         have been the tiny little splash that followed him!

Eddie quiets down.  The doorbell bing bongs. 

Frasier: Oh. that must be Leo. Wait'll you see this. 

He opens the door for Leo, a surfer type dude, who has the new chair 
on a dolly.

Frasier: Come on in.
    Leo: Dr. Crane, make way.
Frasier: All right, now just be careful now, Leo.  Watch the furniture 
         and the walls.
    Leo: Excuse me, but I happen to be a professional.  I take a lot of 
         pride in my work, and I would never- 

He hits a table, knocking over some objet d'art.

    Leo: Whoa... how'd that get there?  Hey look, at least I didn't 
         lose my license this time, right?
Frasier: All right, all right.  Quickly, quickly.  I'm sure Beavis will
         start to wonder where you are.

Leo clumsily drops the chair off the dolly.

 Daphne: Actually Leo, as long as you're here, we're having a problem
         with a leaky faucet in the sink.
    Leo: And where would that be?
 Daphne: [as if to a child] In the kitchen, dear.
    Leo: Hey, that wasn't a dumb question.  You got bathrooms too, 
         dontcha?
 Daphne: None that you'll be going anywhere near.

Leo exits to kitchen.

 Daphne: [re: chair] Oh, Dr Crane, it's lovely.  Well, I thought the
         other one was nice, but this is smashing.
Frasier: Well, try it out, try it out.  And it has a little surprise. 

He plugs it in as Daphne sits.

 Daphne: This is comfy.  Although it's a little on the soft side.  
         I prefer... [Frasier switches it on] Hello... ohh... ohh... 
         ohh... this is enough to make me give up me search for a 
         meaningful relationship.

The front door starts to open.

Frasier: Oh, quick, quick, that's Dad.  Get out, get out, get out. 
         [pulls Daphne out of chair]
 Daphne: Oh, all right.  Just like a man — now you've had your fun, 
         you don't care where I am! 
 Martin: [entering] Hey, there.
Frasier: Hi, Dad.  I've ah, got a little surprise for you.

He and Daphne moves aside to reveal the new chair.

 Martin: What's that?
Frasier: It's your new easy chair.
 Martin: Well... what do you know about that?  Where's my old chair?
Frasier: It's down in the storage space.  Come on, try this one out.
 Martin: Oh look, I appreciate this, Frasier.  But that - it, it... it 
         really isn't me.
Frasier: Dad, Dad, you haven't even sat in it yet.  Come on, come on, 
         come on down, Martin Crane.

Martin sits.  Frasier turns it on.  Martin is appalled.

 Martin: That's disgusting!  No, no look, Frasier, I'm sorry, but I'm a
         creature of habit and I think that I'd rather have my old 
         chair back.
Frasier: Well Dad, but why?  I mean this chair's a lot more comfortable
         than the old one, and it's, it's therapeutic as well.
 Martin: I know.  It's, I just never cared for leather, you know?  You 
         stick to it in the hot weather, you can't sit in it in your 
         shorts, it makes my back sweat.  Black's hot.  I, I, I, I'm 
         sorry, I just couldn't get used to this chair.
Frasier: All right Dad, fine.  The important thing is that you lived 
         with it for a full fifteen seconds.  Leo!

Leo re-enters.

 Daphne: Leo, we need you to bring Mr. Crane's chair back in here.
    Leo: [entering from kitchen] Ah, no can do, fish n'chips.  Someone 
         took it.
 Martin: What?!
Frasier: Are you saying that someone broke into my storage space and 
         stole my father's chair?
    Leo: Your storage space?
Frasier: Well, that's where I told you to put it.  You did put it 
         there, didn't you?
    Leo: Oh, man.  Not another day like last Tuesday.
 Martin: Where's my chair, Leo?
    Leo: I took it down to the dumpster, and someone snagged it.  
         It was pretty bitchin', you know.  I almost kept it myself.
 Martin: [to Frasier] You threw my chair away!  Are you happy now, it's 
         gone!
Frasier: [escorting Leo out] Listen Leo, you have got to find that 
         chair.  I don't care what you have to do.  Comb the entire 
         building, search the neighborhood, just find my father's 
         chair!
    Leo: "Dump the chair," "Get the chair," "Find the chair," what am 
         I, the building lackey?
Frasier: YES!
    Leo: Oh, okay. [leaves]
 Daphne: [softly caressing the chair] Well, if no one's going to want 
         this, we could put it in my room. [sees Frasier and Martin 
         glaring at one another] Maybe later.  You two talk it over. 

She leaves.

 Martin: Well, this couldn't have worked out any better for you, could
         it?  You've been trying to get rid of that chair from the day
         I moved in here.
Frasier: Dad, you could at least show a little gratitude, I didn't do
         this for me, I did it for you.
 Martin: Like hell! [gets beer]
Frasier: Geez, you're acting like I lost the chair on purpose.
 Martin: Hey, let me tell you something.  That chair was the only thing
         that made me feel comfortable in this house - that made me 
         feel that maybe this was my home too.
Frasier: Oh, baloney!  Ever since you got here all I've tried to do 
         is make you comfortable.  I don't even know why I bothered.  
         I mean, everybody knows Martin Crane doesn't like calfskin, 
         he prefers duct tape!

He seizes Martin's roll of tape, tears off a length and sticks
it onto the new chair. 

Frasier: And food crumbs! [throws bowl of nuts onto seat] There we are! 
         [takes Martin's beer] And let's have a little dribble of beer 
         while we're at it! [pours can over chair] Why not?  There, 
         that's delightful!  Oh, and let's not forget - to top it all 
         off - just the slightest bit of dog hair! 

He picks up Eddie and gently shakes him over the chair.

 Martin: I suppose you're going to be throwing Eddie out by the 
         dumpster next!
Frasier: Oh Dad, I don't know why you're carrying on this way.  We are, 
         after all, talking about a twenty-five year-old, broken-down 
         chair.  If you don't like this chair, I'll get you another 
         one.  Any chair you want!
 Martin: Really?  Okay, I'll tell you what chair I want.  I want the 
         chair I was sitting in when I watched Neil Armstrong take his 
         first step on the moon.  And when the U.S. hockey team beat 
         the Russians in the '80 Olympics.  I want the chair I was 
         sitting in the night you called me to tell me I had a grandson.  
         I want the chair I was in all those nights, when your mother 
         used to wake me up with a kiss after I'd fallen asleep in front 
         of the television.  You know, I still fall asleep in it.  And 
         every once in a while, when I wake up, I still expect your 
         mother to be there, ready to lead me off to bed... Oh, never 
         mind.  It's only a chair.  Come on, Eddie. 

He exits.

END OF ACT ONE
 
ACT TWO

Scene One - KACL, Roz's booth
Frasier enters from the corridor.

    Roz: Hey, Fras!  How was your weekend?
Frasier: Hellish.
    Roz: [not hearing him] Great!  Let me tell you what happened to me.  
         See I had this most incredible date Saturday night.  It was 
         really hot.  So Sunday, I'm driving home...
Frasier: Sunday?
    Roz: I told you, it was hot.  So anyway, my car breaks down right 
         in front of this church, and all the people are just coming  
         out after the show...
Frasier: Service.
    Roz: What?
Frasier: Churches don't have shows, they have services.
    Roz: Can I finish my story?
Frasier: All right, all right.
    Roz: Thank you.  So, I walk up to the minister--is that all right?
Frasier: Mm-hmm.
    Roz: And I ask him if I can use his phone.  And he tells me my 
         sweater's on inside out.  One thing led to another, and we 
         have a date tonight.  Ministers aren't celibate, are they?  
         Not that I don't love a challenge.
Frasier: You know Roz, maybe you should take a sick day sometime, 
         call into the show yourself. 

He settles into his chair, ready for the show.

    Roz: You're on the air.
Frasier: [on air] Good afternoon, Seattle.  This is Dr. Frasier Crane.  
         Now before I take my first caller, I'd like to make a personal 
         appeal.  Last Saturday, my father's chair was taken from in 
         front of the Elliott Bay Towers, and it's a runny split-pea 
         green and mud-brown striped recliner with the occasional spot 
         of stuffing popping out from underneath a strip of duct tape.  
         Aas incredible as this may seem, I'm offering a handsome 
         reward for its safe return.  Thank you.  And now Roz, who's 
         on line one?
    Roz: It's John...

DISSOLVE TO: 

Scene Two - Time Lapse

Frasier: So remember Stephanie, a little emotional flexibility is a 
         good thing.  Just as the mighty oak snaps and falls in a 
         windstorm, so the weeping willow bends and lives to see 
         another day.  Thank you for your call.  So Roz, any update on 
         the chair?
    Roz: Oh yeah, the calls have been pouring in.
Frasier: Really?  And what are they?
    Roz: Well, so far it's been spotted at the top of the Space Needle,
         in the Governor's Mansion, and a man on Lake Stevens said he 
         saw it flying over his house, but he thought it was just a 
         spaceship from a tacky planet.
Frasier: Funny stuff, people.  Well, let's just go to commercial break
         so you all can chuckle through these words from Yukon Lumber. 

He goes off the air and walks into Roz's area, where she is on the phone.

Frasier: Ingrates!  I dedicate my life to clearing away their psychic 
         debris and this is how they repay me.
    Roz: [writing message] Uh-huh.  Uh-huh... I got it.  He'll be there 
         just as soon as the show's over, thank you so much. [hangs up] 
Frasier: What?  What is it?
    Roz: Frasier, I found the chair. [hands him a message slip]
Frasier: Oh, great.  Oh, thank God.  By tonight my dad will be safely 
         back in his beer-stained, flea-infested, duct-taped recliner, 
         adjusting his shorts with one hand and cheering on Jean-Claude 
         van Damme with the other. [trudges back into his booth] Yes, 
         it's quite a little piece of heaven I've carved out for myself, 
         isn't it?

[Roz's "tacky planet" line is strangely prophetic: eight years later, 
when the original chair was deliberately destroyed in episode [9.07], 
"Bla-Z-Boy," the technical crew had a hard time finding the right 
material for the replacement they built, until one of them spotted it 
on an old set from the original "Star Trek."]

FADE TO:

BEST SEAT IN THE HOUSE


Scene Three - A school stage, somewhere in Seattle
The Chair has pride of place.  All around children are rehearsing, 
or painting scenery.  A child (Joey) dies on stage, rather noisily. 
A teacher (Mrs. Warren), looks on.  Frasier arrives.

 Warren: Okay.  Okay, that... that was nice.  Um, but let's just 
         remember there's a very fine line between good acting and 
         hamming it up.  Let's try it again.
Frasier: Excuse me?
  Brown: Mrs. Warren, I can't find my moustache.
  Olsen: I can't remember any of my lines, Mrs. Warren.  Look, I'm 
         really nervous.
   Joey: Me, too.
 Warren: Okay, people?  People?  Can I have you all over here for a 
         second?

All stop what they're doing, and listen.

Frasier: Uh, Mrs. Warren...? [she waves him off]
 Warren: This isn't Broadway, it's junior high.  There's no reason at 
         all to be nervous.  We're just going to go out there tonight 
         in front of family and friends and have some fun, okay? 

The cast disperse, relieved.

 Warren: [to Frasier:] If one more thing goes wrong, I'm going to 
         have to take my own life.
Frasier: Well, if I could just have a word with you... 
 Warren: I'm sorry, in forty-five minutes the curtain goes up on a very
         shaky production of "Ten Little Indians."
Frasier: Ooh, "Ten Little Indians."  I thought I recognized the mise en 
         scene.  I did this play years ago. [quotes] "On the contrary, 
         Major.  Many a psychotic killer would appear to be quite 
         normal.  You see, you can never suspect that underneath that 
         calm exterior there lies the heart of a maniac, ah-ha-ha."  
         Happens to be true, by the way.
 Warren: Who are you?
Frasier: Oh, I'm Dr. Frasier Crane. 

She's obviously never heard of him.

Frasier: From the radio?  KACL Talk... well, never mind.  Listen,  
         someone told me that my chair would be here, and sure enough 
         here it is,  so I'll just get this out of your hair.
 Warren: No, excuse me, but that doesn't go anywhere. [confidentially]
         Right now, this chair is the most entertaining thing on stage.
Frasier: Well, I'm sure that's quite true, but you see...

There is a commotion backstage when Brown hits his thumb with a hammer.

 Warren: Don't worry about it, honey, just run along to the nurse's 
         office, I'm sure you'll be fine.  They'll have you back here 
         in no time! [to Frasier] I am so sick of being positive.
Frasier: Yes, but you see, you don't understand, this chair belongs to
         my father and I must return it to him...
 Warren: Sir?  You can have your chair back in two weeks.
Frasier: Yes, you don't understand, I'm in a very difficult position 
         here.
 Warren: DIFFICULT?  You want difficult?  I have a set that's falling 
         apart, a leading man whose voice changed at precisely three 
         o'clock this afternoon, AND MY NAME IS SPELLED WRONG IN THE 
         PROGRAM! [calms down, to child ] See what I did there, 
         Pomeroy?  That's the kind of anger I need from you in the 
         accusation scene.
Frasier: Listen, I'll give you two hundred dollars, you can get 
         yourself a new chair.
 Warren: Forget it.
Frasier: Listen, Mrs. Warren, I realize you are in an untenable position 
         here, but I am speaking to you now from the heart.  You see, by 
         putting this chair into the trash, I have wounded my father.  I 
         realize it's just a chair to you, but to him it is a treasure 
         trove of life memories that I have thoughtlessly discarded 
         because I didn't like the way it looked in my living room.  I  
         have sacrificed heart and soul for form and function.  Believe 
         me, I am terribly ashamed of myself for that.  This chair is the 
         last, best chance to forge any kind of meaningful relationship 
         with the only father I'll ever have!
 Warren: [to children] People, were you all listening to that? Because 
         you can learn a lot from this man. [Frasier looks proud] That 
         speech he just gave is a perfect example of the kind of hammy 
         overacting I don't want to see out of ANY OF YOU FOR THIS 
         ENTIRE RUN!
Frasier: Now just hold on for a minute!

He is interrupted by Joey coming on stage.

   Joey: Mrs. Warren?
 Warren: What is it, Joey?
   Joey: Bobby MacDuff just threw up backstage.
 Warren: Perfect.  My Dr. Armstrong has opening night jitters.
   Joey: No, it's not jitters.  It's stomach flu.  He's in the nurse's 
         office.
Frasier: Oh well, what else can you do?  You'll have to cancel the 
         performance.  Too bad. [pulling Chair off of stage] I'll 
         just take this along with me.
 Warren: I can't cancel, I have three hundred parents in their cars 
         already.
Frasier: Well, I'm sure somehow the American theatre will survive.  You 
         can't do the show without Dr. Armstrong, he's too important to 
         the plot.  I know, that's the part I played.
 Warren: You played Dr. Armstrong?
Frasier: Well, yes I... Oh, no-no-no-no-no, you're not thinking...
 Warren: How badly do you want your chair?
Frasier: I-I'm sorry, it's out of the question!
 Warren: You know, it would be a real shame if something... 

She rips a piece of duct tape off the Chair, some stuffing gets pulled 
out with it.

 Warren: Ooh! - happened to this chair.
Frasier: But it's been years.  I hardly can remember any of the lines.
 Warren: [darkly] Then you'll fit right in!

FADE TO:

Scene Four - Later That Evening
The cast are taking their bows to much applause.  In the middle of the 
line is Frasier, towering above the children and wearing a large false 
moustache.  Mrs. Warren presents him with a bouquet of roses.

END OF ACT TWO

Credits: 

Frasier is trying to disguise The Chair with a throw rug.  Martin 
comes in, removes the rug and sits down.  Eddie lies on the sofa, 
leaving Frasier with no place to sit but the Eames.

Act One.

Scene One: The Frasier Crane Show.  
Frasier is at his console.

Frasier: [on-air] Hello, Rachel.  I'm listening.
 Rachel: [v.o.] Oh, thanks for taking my call, Dr. Crane.  Um, I'm 
         involved in sort of a strange love triangle.
Frasier: [off-air, to Roz] Oh goody, this is sweeps week! [on-air]
 Rachel: You see, I recently married a widower.  Now, Phil's a real 
         good man, he's a kind man.  But there's just one little 
         problem.  He insists on keeping an urn with his late wife's 
         ashes on the dresser in our bedroom.
Frasier: That is a definite "Yikes."
 Rachel: See, I knew that wasn't normal.  He says it is, but I knew 
         it wasn't!
Frasier: All right, Rachel, Rachel, now listen.  Before you go off 
         half-cocked, let's try to remember this is a very sensitive 
         issue for your husband.  Obviously those ashes mean a very 
         great deal to him.  And although I don't believe it's 
         appropriate that he keep them in the bedroom, I suppose you  
         could maybe move them to another room?
 Rachel: Well, I guess I could try that.  Maybe I'll move them into 
         the guest room. [sound of crockery breaking] Oops.
Frasier: Rachel, what happened?
 Rachel: Oh... oh, nothing.  I gotta run, Dr. Crane.  I've got some 
         vacuuming to do. 

The line goes dead.

Frasier: Well, as Rachel helps Phil's wife off the floor, we have 
         reached the end of our second hour.  Now, we'll be right back 
         after the news, so please join me again, Frasier Crane and my 
         invaluable producer... ah... [ohmygod, what's her name?  It's, 
         it's...]
    Roz: ROZ!
Frasier: Roz!  KACL Talk radio, 780 AM. 

He goes off the air, and goes into Roz's area.

Frasier: Roz, I'm so sorry.  Your name was right there in front of me 
         and I just couldn't put my finger on it.
    Roz: Oh, forget about it.  I already have.
Frasier: Well, it's been happening to me a lot lately.  Last night I 
         walked into the kitchen and I just stood there.  I couldn't 
         remember what I'd gone in there for.
    Roz: Don't make yourself crazy over it, it's completely normal.  
         Oh, by the way, you hair stylist called to confirm your 
         appointment.
Frasier: I made an appointment with Timo?  I don't remember that.
    Roz: That's 'cause you didn't, I was just gas-lighting you.
Frasier: That is not funny!
    Roz: Oh, lighten up.  Here, sign these. [hand him some forms] So 
         aren't you gonna say it, or are you going to make me wait 'til 
         the end of the day?
Frasier: Say what?
    Roz: Happy birthday.
Frasier: It is not your birthday. [sees her stricken face] Oh, God. 
         Oh God, it is.  Oh, oh Roz, I'm so sorry!  Let me take you 
         out to lunch after work, okay? 
    Roz: [laughing] You are so easy!
Frasier: That's it.  I'm outta here! [exits into corridor]
    Roz: Hey, wait, wait, wait.  Aren't you forgetting something?
Frasier: No, I am not forgetting anything, thank you, Roz. 

He walks away.

    Roz: Okay.  Well, can't blame a girl for trying.  Five, four, 
         three...

Frasier rushes back to his console. 

    Roz: Two...
Frasier: [on air] We're back.

FADE OUT

THE SHORT BLONDE MAN
WITH ONE WET SHOE


Scene Two: Frasier's apartment. 
Martin and Niles are playing Canasta.  Eddie is worrying Niles's shoe.

  Niles: Ten.
 Martin: Fifteen-two.
  Niles: No! [then] Dad, would you ask your dog to stop burrowing 
         at my shoes?  I'll have you know I had to wait six months 
         to have these shipped for a little blind cobbler in Seville.
 Martin: He won't stop until you scratch him behind the ear.
  Niles: Oh, all right Eddie, all right. 

He wraps a finger in his handkerchief and scratches Eddie's ear.  
Eddie runs off, contented.

  Niles: You know, I'm beginning to this I have an affinity towards 
         animals. 

He goes to throw the handkerchief away.  Frasier enters from his bedroom.

Frasier: Would either of you mind if I noodled at the piano for a bit?
  Niles: Would it really stop you if we said "Yes?"
Frasier: Point well taken. 

He sits at the piano and starts to play, but loses the tune at around 
the sixth bar. 

Frasier: That's strange.  For the life of me, I can't remember what the 
         next note is. [tries again, but stumbles at the same point] I 
         know this piece backwards and forwards. 
  Niles: Perhaps if you start at the end you'll have better luck.

Frasier tries again, but is still stuck.

 Martin: Oh, come on Frasier.  You know how it goes.  It goes, "da dada 
         da da, da dada..."
Frasier: Oh, thank you dad.  Now it's perfectly clear. [tries once 
         more, then gives up in disgust]
 Martin: That was very nice, son.  Now how about something from "South
         Pacific?"
Frasier: I'm sorry.  Just getting fed up with this nonsense.  I'm 
         forgetting names all the time.  You know, last week, twice 
         I forgot where I parked my car.
 Martin: Join the club, pal.  You're getting older.
Frasier: Oh, well of course I'm getting older.  We're all getting 
         older.  But I'm not that old. 
  Niles: Oh, I'm afraid dad may have a point.  I know you'd like to 
         believe we're still the same devilish sprigs we always were.  
         Sitting on mother's davenport in our tweeds and tans, listening 
         to the Texaco symphonic hour.  The cold-hearted reality is, 
         you're middle-aged.
Frasier: Niles, I'm forty-one.  That's hardly middle-aged.  Middle age 
         is more like fifty, fifty-five.
  Niles: Only if you live to be one hundred and ten.

Daphne enters from bedroom, putting on her coat.

 Daphne: I'm all ready to go, Dr. Crane.
Frasier: Niles, where are you two off to?
  Niles: I'm giving Daphne a lift.
 Daphne: I'm meeting some of my girlfriends for darts and a couple of 
         pints.  Oh, it's best to do it in that order.  Just ask Blind 
         Willie, the bartender.
Frasier: Listen Daphne, before you go, I'd like to ask you a little 
         question here.  When you look at me, um, do you see me as a 
         young man, or as an older man?
 Daphne: Oh, no.  No, you don't.  You're not getting me into that 
         Vietnam.  I learned a long time ago there are three questions 
         you never answer honestly.  "How old do I look?"  "Do you like 
         my hair?" and "Was it good for you too?" [to Niles] Coming, 
         Dr. Crane? ...Dr. Crane?
  Niles: I'm sorry, I was someplace else. [to Frasier] It was a warm 
         and friendly place. 

He and Daphne leave.

Frasier: Big surprise, I got a headache.  Let me get an aspirin.  The 
         very suggestion that I'm descending into old age just because 
         I can't remember a couple of names, or a tune on the piano. 

He takes a medicine bottle out of the cupboard, but has trouble 
reading the label.

 Martin: Your arm's not quite long enough for that, is it?  Let me ask
         you a few questions.  Can you get through the night without 
         getting up to go to the john?  Can you get in and out of a 
         chair without going "Mmmm?"  Can you eat a slice of pizza less 
         than twelve hours before you go to bed?
Frasier: [after a beat] What's on the pizza?
 Martin: A-ha.  I thought so.  Alright, well now we've established 
         you're middle-aged.  Take some advice: don't fight it, it'll 
         go a lot easier.
Frasier: Good lord, dad, what are you suggesting?  I'm gonna rush off 
         to a plastic surgeon to get an eye lift and a chin tuck? 
         [examines his face in a silver plate] Oh, dear god!
 Martin: [looking in family album] I'm just telling you, when guys get 
         to this stage they do some squirrelly things that they never 
         would have done when they were younger.
Frasier: Dad, please spare me, I am a psychiatrist, I know the routine.
         [notices the photograph Martin is pointing to] Good lord, who  
         is that?
 Martin: That's me.  In '74.  Going through my own little stage.  I'd 
         dyed my hair jet black and bought a leather jacket and a 
         Harley Davidson.
Frasier: My God, dad.  You look like one of the Village People.
 Martin: Well, fortunately I came to my senses before you got back from
         Harvard that summer.
Frasier: Are those love beads?
 Martin: All right, that's enough.  Just do me a favour, will ya?  Keep 
         your guard up, and don't do something stupid, all right?
Frasier: Okay, dad. 
 Martin: You may think it's tough being middle-aged, but think about 
         me.  I got a son who's middle-aged. 

He exits to his bedroom as Frasier settles onto the couch.

Frasier: Ahhhh...
 Martin: [o.s.] I heard that!

End Of Act One.

Act Two.

IT'S THIS OR AN ALFA ROMEO


Scene One: Department store, gents casual. 
Frasier and Martin enter.

 Martin: Say, didn't this used to be Pinski's department store?
Frasier: I have no idea.
 Martin: Sure it was.  we used to bring you kids here all the time.  
         Man, it was a great store.  You could buy lingerie, a bag of 
         popcorn and transmission fluid, all under the same roof.
Frasier: Finally, something I'm glad I forgot.

Daphne enters.

 Daphne: Well, Mr. Crane, I believe I came here on a mission.
 Martin: Alright, but remember, I don't want anything fancy or that 
         comes in tubes.  I want them white, I want them plain, and 
         I want them boxers.
 Daphne: That's the exactly the kind of lack of imagination that sunk 
         the British Empire. 

She goes off to look at underwear.

 Martin: Hey, Frasier.  Check out these dress pants.  They got elastic 
         panels in the waist.  You could eat all you want, and never 
         worry about cutting off your circulation.   
Frasier: Milan must be beside itself.  What an innovative use of 
         synthetic fibres.  I believe if you recycle these, you can 
         turn them into milk containers.
 Martin: Are you gonna get them or not?
Frasier: You brought these over for me?!
 Martin: Hey, the sands of time are shifting, buddy - mostly south!  
         Listen, if you don't want to go with elastic, maybe you could  
         go with suspenders.  That way, if you keep your jacket closed, 
         that little gut of yours can hang down to here and nobody's 
         any the wiser.
Frasier: I do not have a gut! [looks at himself sideways in the mirror] 
         I have... contours.

A salesgirl (Carrie) comes over.

 Carrie: Excuse me. I was wondering if anyone was helping you?
 Martin: [seeing Daphne] Oh, no.  She's looking at something with 
         stripes! [goes over] Daphne!  Daphne, get away from there!
 Carrie: [to Frasier, indicating elastic pants] You're not thinking
         of getting those, are you?
Frasier: Oh, no.
 Carrie: I have something much better over here. [gets another pair] 
         What do you think of these?  They don't do much on the hanger 
         but, they could really work on a nice, tall guy like you.
Frasier: Oh, you really think so?
 Carrie: Yeah.  You've got a great build.
Frasier: Oh, well.  Thank you very much, ah...?
 Carrie: Carrie.
Frasier: Ah, Carrie.
 Carrie: Let's see what we can get working here.  Um, [picks up sweater]
         This is kind of a young look, but you could really pull it off.
Frasier: ...I don't really think it's me.
 Carrie: Are you sure?  I think this would look really good on you.
Frasier: Well, I suppose I could try it on.  But you know, just out of
         curiosity, how old do you think I am?
 Carrie: Oh, I don't want to do that.
Frasier: No, no, no, please go ahead.
 Carrie: I don't know.  Um... thirty-six?
Frasier: Are you serious?
 Carrie: Oh, God.  I'm sorry.  You're probably more like thirty-four.  
         Now you don't want to buy anything from me.
Frasier: Are those Armani shirts expensive?
 Carrie: Yeah.
Frasier: I'll take two!
 Carrie: Great!  Changing room's right this way.  You know, I love to 
         guess what my customers do by what they wear.  Let me guess.  
         You're an architect, right?
Frasier: No, I'm a psychiatrist.
 Carrie: Oh.  I've taken some psychiatry courses.  What are you, 
         Freudian?  Reichian?
Frasier: Well actually, lately I've been leaning more towards Jung.  
         Guess that's because I'm "Jung at heart." 

They both laugh.

[N.B. This episode was apparently written before the establishment of
the Freud/Jung rivalry between Frasier and Niles.]

Frasier: Gotta be the oldest joke in the psychiatrist's joke book. 
         Can't believe I said it. [goes into changing booth]
 Carrie: I can't believe I laughed at that.
Frasier: I bet you laugh at all of your customer's jokes.
 Carrie: No.  Just the cute ones.
Frasier: ...Cute jokes or customers?
 Carrie: You figure it out. [leaves]

Time lapse. 

Carrie points Martin to Frasier's changing booth.  He goes over.

 Martin: Hey, you about ready?
Frasier: Oh, just a second, dad, I'm trying on a pair of pants.  Hey, 
         did you notice that girl who came over and asked to help us 
         earlier?
 Martin: Sure I noticed her.  I'm not dead.
Frasier: Well you know, we just had a little conversation a minute ago 
         and uh, I could swear she was flirting with me.
 Martin: [taking a good look at Carrie] Trust me son, she's on 
         commission.
Frasier: Oh no, I know a sales pitch when I hear one, and that was no 
         sales pitch.  She's definitely interested in me.  Think I may 
         have to see where this may lead.
 Martin: I know you're forgetting things lately, but don't you remember
         the little talk we had last night?
Frasier: [realizing] Oh, dear.  It sneaks right up on you, doesn't it?  
         What am I thinking about?  A forty-one year-old man going out 
         with a girl that's twenty-two, twenty-three?
 Martin: Yeah.  Young enough to be your daughter.
Frasier: Yes, thank you for pointing that out, dad.

FADE TO:

Scene Two: KACL radio station.
Frasier is doing his show.

Frasier: [on air] This is Dr Frasier Crane, KACL 780 talk radio, 
         thanking you for joining us today.  Up next, Bob "Bulldog" 
         Briscoe and the "Gonzo Sports Show."  Until tomorrow, here's 
         wishing you good mental health. [off air]

Bulldog enters with his effects trolley.

Bulldog: Hey, doc.  Hear the great news?  Ken Griffey Junior's groin 
         pull is completely healed.
Frasier: Thank goodness. I'm sure years from now we'll all remember 
         where we were the moment we heard the joyful news.

Carrie enters, carrying a garment bag.

 Carrie: Excuse me, Dr. Crane?
Frasier: Hi, Carrie.
 Carrie: Hi. I have your pants.
Bulldog: Whoa, doc! [honks horn] Where'd you leave them?
Frasier: They're new, Bulldog.  Some of the finer department stores 
         deliver garments to their busier customers.
 Carrie: Actually, we don't.  I just thought it would be nice to see 
         you again.
Bulldog: [to Carrie] Excuse me.  You look very familiar.  Didn't I let 
         you pour a flaming tequila shooter down my throat at Sloppy 
         Nick's during ah, last year's Indy 500?
 Carrie: Ah, no.
Bulldog: Well, what are you doing next Memorial Day?
Frasier: Bulldog, as certain as I am that any young lady in the world
         would love to set your face on fire, Carrie, I believe, is 
         here to see me.
Bulldog: Okay.  Hey, you can't blame a dog for trying. [going into Roz's 
         booth] Just on the off chance it might make a difference, I ah,
         drive a '94 Camaro.

He exits.

 Carrie: Is he gay? [Frasier looks at her, surprised] Well, I've been 
         studying about this in school, and it seems like he's really 
         overcompensating.
Frasier: Yes, well, I'm not sure. [smiles] But I certainly look forward 
         to running that theory by him.  Well um, thank you for the 
         pants, Carrie, and uh, do I owe you anything?
 Carrie: Oh, no.  I really enjoyed meeting you yesterday, and it seemed
         like we had a few laughs together and, maybe we could, you 
         know, go out and have a cup of coffee sometime? 
Frasier: I'm very flattered that you'd like to go out with me, and uh,
         jeez, I think you're a beautiful young woman..
 Carrie: But?
Frasier: Well it's, it's our ages.  I mean, how old are you?
 Carrie: Twenty-two.  How old are you?
Frasier: That's not polite.  I just don't think it would be appropriate
         for us to date.
 Carrie: How about we just live together? [then] I'm just trying to 
         lighten an uncomfortable moment.
Frasier: Right.  Ha-ha.  Well done.
 Carrie: Well, I'm sorry.  But if you change your mind you know where I 
         am.  Enjoy your pants.
Frasier: Same to you.

Carrie leaves. Bulldog comes back.

Bulldog: I only got a second here, but... [raps on Frasier's forehead, 
         hard] HELLO?  ANYONE THERE? [Roz enters] She wanted to go out 
         with you.  You didn't have to chase her.  You didn't have to 
         harass her.  You didn't have to pay her!  It was like, a 
         miracle.
Frasier: She's too young.
Bulldog: [to Roz] Are you following any of this?
Frasier: I don't expect you to understand.
Bulldog: Great.  'Cause I don't.  So you're not going out with her?
Frasier: No, I'm not.
Bulldog: Good.  I'm going to see if I can catch up with her at the 
         elevator.  Maybe she's never dated a former professional 
         hockey player before.
Frasier: You never played hockey.
Bulldog: [bewildered] It's like we're from different planets! [exits]
    Roz: Talk about pathetic.
Frasier: Yes, isn't he though?
    Roz: I meant you.
Frasier: Me?  What, are you saying I should go out with her?
    Roz: Frasier, take it from me.  It's hard enough to find somebody. 
         So when an opportunity like this comes along, you gotta grab 
         it.
Frasier: Roz, what about the age thing?
    Roz: Well, what about it?
Frasier: Oh, come on!  You see an old man walking down the street arm 
         in arm with a beautiful young girl, what do you think?
    Roz: I think he must be really rich.  Then I try to make eye 
         contact.

FADE TO:

STANLEY BARRISTER MUST
BE REALLY, REALLY RICH


Scene Three: Cafe Nervosa. 
Niles joins Frasier.

  Niles: There you are, Frasier.  I'm so glad you called me.
Frasier: Well, thanks for coming, Niles. 
  Niles: Some of Maris's friends introduced me to the most delightful 
         party game last night.  I can't wait to share it with you.
Frasier: Well Niles, I'd really like to talk...
  Niles: No, no.  Shh.  This first, it's a hoot.  If you were stranded 
         on a desert island with one meal, one aria, and one bottle of 
         wine, what would they be?
Frasier: Niles, I really don't...
  Niles: Frasier, please.
Frasier: Okay... A Big Mac, "I'm your Venus," and Ripple.
  Niles: ...If you're going to mock the game, then don't play.
Frasier: Gladly.
  Niles: Are you still crabbed up about this middle-aged business?
Frasier: No.  No-no-no, I'm fine there.  By the way, you were 
         absolutely right, Niles.
  Niles: Ooh!  I love to hear you say that.
Frasier: Yes.  But I do have a problem.  You see, the other day I was 
         asked out by a... this twenty-two year old girl that I met in 
         a mall.
  Niles: That is alarming.
Frasier: Well, I turned her down.
  Niles: No no, you were in a mall.  Did anyone see you?
Frasier: Niles!  No, I'm just wondering if I made the right decision. 
         You see, I would, I would love to go out with this girl.  
         She's fantastic.  I'm just afraid of looking like some old 
         fool chasing after a young girl.  Becoming a walking mid-life 
         crisis cliché.  Running around like that buffoon Stanley 
         Barrister.

Touched off, they start talking over each other.

  Niles: Oh, Stanley Barrister.  That is embarrassing, isn't it?
Frasier: Oh, is that not beyond the pale?  I mean, that girl - how old 
         can she be?
  Niles: Twenty-one, if she's a day.
Frasier: I saw them, it was last Tuesday night, together.
  Niles: Well, and I saw them together Wednesday morning.

They stop as they realize.

   Both: Eww!
  Niles: That's disgusting.
Frasier: That's what's so frightening.  Well, this is what I'm afraid 
         of.  People will have the same conversation about me.
  Niles: Stanley Barrister is a sixty-year-old man who wears a toupee 
         that looks like something he pulled out of a shower drain.  
         You are forty-one, and obviously not wearing a toupee.
Frasier: Thank you, Niles.  So you think it would be okay to go out 
         with this woman?
  Niles: Doesn't matter what I think.
Frasier: Well, it does to me.  You're my brother, I value your opinion.
  Niles: My opinion isn't relevant.
Frasier: Don't be coy, Niles.  And will you please stop pursing your 
         lips?  It makes you look like one of those old women they 
         carve out of dried apples.
  Niles: [purses his lips once more, then] Don't you see?  What I think 
         about you dating a younger woman is immaterial.  What we think 
         about Stanley Barrister is immaterial.  The only thing that 
         matters is what you think.  Ask yourself, if you went out with 
         her, would you be doing it because you were running away from 
         your age, or because you think this has the potential of 
         becoming a meaningful relationship?
Frasier: I don't know.
  Niles: Find out.  And then to hell with what people think.
Frasier: Niles, you are absolutely right.
  Niles: Oh!  There it is again, I never tire of hearing that.  Let the
         tongues of the doubting nabobs wag.  If it feels right, make
         yourself happy.
Frasier: Thank you, thank you. [gets up] Oh, by the way Niles, if you 
         were stranded on a desert island, what would you choose as 
         your favorite meal, aria and wine?
  Niles: The Coulibiliac of salmon at Guy Savoy, "Vissi d'Arte" from 
         Tosca, and the [Coutre Roune Ch�teau] Neuf du Pape '47.
Frasier: You are SO predictable.

He walks out, leaving Niles gobsmacked.

FADE TO:

I WONDER IF THAT ALFA ROMEO
SHOWROOM IS STILL OPEN?


Scene Four: The Department Store.
Carrie is sorting some sweaters when Frasier comes in.

Frasier: Carrie, hi.
 Carrie: Hi.  I didn't expect to see you here.
Frasier: Well um, I could lie to you and tell you I came here to shop, 
         but actually I came here to see you.
 Carrie: That's great.  I've been thinking about you a lot.
Frasier: Well, I've been thinking a lot about you too, and I just 
         wanted to chat a little bit about why I thought we shouldn't 
         go out.
 Carrie: Okay.
Frasier: Well, you see, I thought I was going through a phase.  You 
         know, well, a mid-life crisis to be frank.  And ah, I was 
         afraid if I went out with you I would be trying to recapture 
         my youth or something.
 Carrie: Oh my God.  I can't believe you're saying this.  I was afraid 
         that I asked you out only because I was trying to work out 
         some stuff of my own.  You know, some unresolved issues about 
         my father or something.
Frasier: Oh no, no.  Because I went back and forth, you know?  I felt 
         like a fool, and then I didn't...
 Carrie: Me, too.  Back and forth.
Frasier: And then I thought maybe you just came along because, to fill
         some sort of a need or something.
 Carrie: Or, or maybe this could be something serious.
Frasier: Exactly.  So... well.  All right, I asked myself a few tough 
         questions..   
 Carrie: Me too.
Frasier: And well, I finally came to a decision.
 Carrie: Me too.  I think us going out would have been really stupid.
Frasier: [forced enthusiasm] Me too!
 Carrie: It would have completely clouded things with my father, and 
         you and I would never have been on a very firm footing.  But 
         you knew all that.  You could have told me, but you just let 
         me figure it out for myself.
Frasier: Yes, I'm sort of like the Wizard of Oz.
 Carrie: It's no wonder everybody listens to your radio show.  You're 
         so smart.
Frasier: ...Actually, I am full of crap.  I had no idea that you 
         might have been grappling with some personal issues here.  
         Some psychiatrist, huh?  The truth is, I came down here to 
         talk you into going out with me.  I guess it's still a 
         pretty bad idea.
 Carrie: You're being so honest with me... that is such an attractive 
         quality in a man. [she hugs him]
Frasier: ...Well, you know, let's not go down that road again.
 Carrie: Okay.
Frasier: See you around. 

Carrie turns back to her work.  As Frasier leaves, he punches 
a mannequin with great force.  She looks around at the noise, but
he's already gone.

End Of Act Two.

Credits: 

Daphne is folding Martin's boring white laundry as Eddie watches.
With a flourish, she pulls a pair of striped boxers from a bag.

Act One. 

Scene One - KACL
Frasier and Roz are in Frasier's booth.  Roz is sorting some carts, 
while Frasier opens his mail. 

Frasier: Oh look, Roz, Roz, my brochures are here!  Oh, god, very
         exciting!  Vacation!

Roz takes one of the brochures from Frasier.  

    Roz: Wow! The Golden Door Spa!
Frasier: Ooh, yes!
    Roz: Look at those accommodations!  That is nice!

She gives the leaflet to Frasier. 

Frasier: I plan to leave Dad and Eddie to fend for themselves while I
         go off and spend an obscene amount of money being pampered
         like a spoiled child.  I know it's self-indulgent, but what
         else are vacations for?  By the way, what are you doing for
         your week off?
    Roz: Oh, I'm taking my mom to Ireland to stay in the sod house
         where her mother was born.
Frasier: Why don't you just write the words "bad son" on my
         forehead!
    Roz: Listen, there is nothing wrong with pampering yourself on 
         your vacation.  After all, you do work three hours a day.

Frasier stands up, annoyed, turns his back on her, and begins to 
sort through his brochures on the side bench of the studio.

    Roz: I'm sorry.  That one even surprised me!

She walks into the adjoining producer's suite. 
Frasier follows her through.

Frasier: You know, it's just that when I think of the relationship I
         have with my dad I can't help but envy the relationship you
         have with your mother.
    Roz: Well, it didn't just happen.  We work at it, spend time
         together...
Frasier: Roz, are you forgetting that my father lives with me?  How 
         much more time together could we spend!
    Roz: Day to day living is different.  You know, there is nothing
         better than taking a trip together. You get to have a little
         fun, you get to relax... you get to see a whole different side
         to the other person.
Frasier: You know, in his entire life, my dad has never been to
         Europe.  It would be a way of connecting with him if I were
         the one to give him that. [looks questioningly at Roz] So,
         what would you charge me to take him to Ireland with you?

Roz looks at him with a wry smile on her face and shakes her head.

FADE OUT

Scene Two — Frasier's Apartment
Fade back in.  Niles is sitting with his face down on the table as 
Daphne massages his back.  Martin is sitting in his chair with the 
paper in one hand, and is stroking Eddie with the other.

  Niles: [moaning with pleasure:] Ahh... I should have known this
         would happen.  I always throw out my back when I try to lift
         Maris's luggage.
 Daphne: Why didn't you hire a skycap?
  Niles: Oh, we did for most of it, but Maris won't trust strangers
         with her makeup case, ever since a ham-handed porter dropped
         it and broke three vials of rare Swiss lamb placenta.  On the
         upside, the calfskin lining of her case was never more soft
         and supple.

Daphne lifts him to sit up straight, puts her arm around his neck
and proceeds to massage his back with the fist of her right hand.

 Daphne: Where did Mrs. Crane go, anyway?

Niles gives more moans of pleasure, and Martin looks round at him 
in amusement.

  Niles: She's making her annual pilgrimage to the holy land.
 Martin: I thought she was going to Dallas to visit her sister.
  Niles: That is her holy land.  It's the site of the first Nieman-
         Marcus.

Martin turns back to his paper, shaking his head.  Niles produces
more moans of ecstasy.  Frasier enters the apartment, carrying his
briefcase.

 Daphne:  Oh, Dr. Crane...
  Niles:  [still moaning] Oh, call me Niles!

Frasier casts his usual look of disapproval and disappointment in
Niles's direction, and Niles, noticing him, stands up.

  Niles: Thank you, Daphne.
Frasier: Dad, I've had an idea and I hope you're as excited about it
         as I am. [opens his briefcase and takes out the holiday
         brochures] I want to take you on vacation!
 Martin: [suspicious] Why?
Frasier: Well, I thought an adventure might do us good, give us a
         chance to have some fun, maybe get reacquainted, even do a 
         little bonding.
 Martin: What'd you have in mind? 
Frasier: Well, this isn't about where I want to go, this is about
         where you want to go.

Frasier fans out the leaflets and lays them on the table by his
father in an extravagant gesture.

Frasier: Dad, I give you the world!
 Martin: [reading one] The Galy-pay-gos islands, huh?  "Where iguanas, 
         sea-lions and giant tortoises live in eternal harmony." 
         [to Frasier] Is it important they get along?
Frasier: No, I suppose not.

Niles has also been looking through the leaflets.

  Niles: Oh, how about this!  India and Nepal!  Trek the foothills of 
         the Himalayas!
 Martin: [tapping his cane] I think you're forgetting about my old pal
         here.
  Niles: No problem.  Frasier can just hire a really tough little
         Sherpa to carry you on his back.

Martin looks at him stupidly.

  Niles: They don't mind.
Frasier: Well, we obviously haven't struck the right chord yet, but we
         will, we will.  Dad, why don't you just suggest something?
 Martin: You really want to go on a trip with me?
Frasier: Yes I do!  I'll go anywhere you want to!  Anywhere!
 Martin: Okay.  Well, maybe I'm not as sophisticated as you, but I
         think I should see America first!
Frasier: Great!  We're Americans, we should see America!
 Martin: And I want to see it in a Winnebago!

Frasier stands up in horror, but with feigned enthusiasm.

Frasier: A Winnebago!  Hot damn, that has a real ring to it! 

He crosses to pour a drink.

 Martin: Yeah!  It's something your mother and I always dreamed about 
         doing when I retired.
Frasier: Then that is exactly the trip we are going to take!
 Martin: You really mean it?
Frasier: Absolutely!
 Daphne: This calls for a celebration!

Daphne exits to kitchen, Frasier crosses to fire place and Martin also 
exits towards the kitchen.

 Martin: Yeah, let's pop open a couple of beers!  I think I've got a
         bag of pork rinds in here too!
Frasier: Oh, the final touch!  I almost feel like I'm in a trailer park 
         already!

He hangs his head in horror, leaning on the mantelpiece in despair.
Niles crosses the room towards him.

  Niles: [mockingly] Oh, Winnebago Boy?  Make sure to hang a lot of
         beach chairs on the back and give it a really cute name 
         like... "The Whoopin' Cranes!"

He dissolves into laughter.

Frasier: Oh, Niles.  When I agreed to see America with Dad I thought
         we'd be staying in five-star resorts!  When I said together 
         I meant adjoining suites!
  Niles: Just tell him you think it's a bad idea.
Frasier: I can't do that, he's counting on this trip too much.  It was
         his dream, he was going to go on this trip with Mom.
  Niles: Yeah, but she lucked out and died! [laughs]

Frasier pulls Niles to the corner of the apartment to be sure they
can't be heard from the kitchen.

Frasier: [in desperation] Niles listen, listen.  If Dad and I get into
         a Winnebago together only one of us will come out alive.
         You've got to come with us!
  Niles: Frasier, you're my brother.  That entitles you to my bone
         marrow and one of my kidneys, but THIS is an imposition!

Cut to Martin and Daphne in the kitchen.  Daphne is chopping cheese,
and Martin sits opposite her.

 Martin: You've got to come with us!
 Daphne: Why?
 Martin: Well, Frasier and I don't have anything to talk about!  
         I always feel more comfortable when there's someone else
         around, or the TV's blaring.
 Daphne: Then why did you suggest it?
 Martin: Well, it sounded like a good idea when it came out of my 
         mouth, but the more I think about it... I mean, can you 
         really see me and Frasier together all day and then crawling 
         into our bunks at Night, lying head to head... bonding? 
         [shivers] Eew!  I'll pay you!  I've got pension money!

Cut back to Niles and Frasier.

Frasier: I remember a car trip we took when I was nine?  We drove from 
         Seattle to Spokane.  The only thing he said to me was, "I 
         think we've got a problem with your brother Frasier."
  Niles: Those were awful, those family driving vacations.  Dad
         insisting on covering as many miles as possible in a day.
         The two of us tiny hostages in the back seat, clutching our
         car sickness bags... straining to see something out of the
         window as the landscape whizzed by... I was thirteen before 
         I realized cows aren't blurry!

Cut to Martin and Daphne.

 Daphne: Why don't you just tell him you don't want to go?
 Martin: Oh, you heard how he wants to go.  I don't want to disappoint
         him!

Cut to Niles and Frasier.

Frasier: I don't want to disappoint him!!
  Niles: I'm sorry Frasier, I am not a Winnebago person. 

He begins to cross to refill his drink.

  Niles: Whenever I see one on the highway I look into the driver's 
         eyes, hoping to see something that would explain why in God's 
         name he would ever want to do something like this!  All I see 
         is a death stare under the brim of a hat made out of Miller          
         Lite cans.  This is my final word: I'm-not-going.

Martin and Daphne re-enter.  Daphne is carrying some cheese chunks on a 
plate.

 Martin: Hey, great news, Daphne's coming too!
  Niles: And so am I!

He eats a cheese chunk.

FADE TO:

THE WHOOPIN' CRANES


Scene Three — A Winnebago.
The Crane clan, plus Daphne, are traveling along in their rented 
Winnebago.  The north-western American countryside is visible out 
of the rear window.  Frasier is driving, and Martin is in the 
passenger seat videotaping the view. Daphne is sitting behind them.  
Niles appears to be absent from the scene.

 Martin: It's everything I'd hoped it'd be, only better!  It's like
         sitting in your own living room watching TV!  Only it isn't
         TV, it's America!
Frasier: Yes Dad, it's the ultimate in virtual reality programming -
         actual reality.
 Martin: [Looking at map] Okay, we've got a turn-off coming up in about 
         five miles, so start slowing down.
Frasier: Righto, Dad.
 Daphne: How does it feel behind that wheel, Dr. Crane?
Frasier: Manly!  This is mine, and it's big!

There is a flushing sound, and Niles appears from the back of the
vehicle.

  Niles: Oh my God!  It's like being sealed upright in a Formica
         coffin!
 Martin: Remember the old days, Niles? [to Daphne] When they were kids, 
         all they had in the back seat was a mayonnaise jar.
Frasier: Yes, it took quite a bit of skill to use it successfully at
         seventy miles per hour!  Never really been fond of mayonnaise
         since...
  Niles: Or speed bumps.
 Martin: Okay, turnoff's coming up now, we're about four miles away,
         get ready, it's coming up!  Alright, you're okay on the right!
         It's never to early to move over!
Frasier: You know, Dad, I was wondering.  What inspired you to choose
         that uniquely American man-made wonder, Mount Rushmore?
 Martin: Well, we've got a week off, right?  That's as far as we can
         go in three and a half days and still make it back.  We get
         there, get out, walk around the Valley of the Presidents,
         drive back, boom!  Another fine landmark under our belts!
 Daphne: Well, you've certainly got this trip well-planned, Mr. Crane!
         Whenever I take a holiday I just grab a fresh pair of
         knickers and see where the wind takes me!

At this comment Niles proceeds to look back at Daphne's backside.

Frasier: [noticing] Niles... Niles!

Frasier then pulls hard right on the steering wheel making the vehicle 
swerve sharply left.  Everyone else remains in the same place but 
Niles, caught off balance, crashes left into some overhead cupboards, 
right into a chair behind Daphne and then falls spectacularly onto the 
floor whilst clutching at the kitchen sideboard.  He quickly attempts 
to retake his place behind Frasier, before Daphne and Martin notice. 

Unsuccessfully.  Martin looks strangely at Niles, not realising 
why Frasier swerved, then looks curiously at Frasier as if to say, 
"What the hell was that!"  Frasier, however, drives on happily with 
a large smile on his face.

Frasier: You know, what Daphne is saying is what we should really be
         doing!
 Martin: What are you talking about?
Frasier: Well, you know, why should we be so beholden to maps and
         schedules?  We should roam!  America has always been 
         enchanted with the romance of the open highway.  Jack 
         Kerouac went "on the road," Buzz and Todd got their 
         "kicks on Route 66!"  The adventure is in the journey! 
         We should just ramble!
  Niles: Good golly, I'm inspired.  I'm going to put on a baseball
         cap. 

He proceeds to put on a cap, backwards.

 Martin: Frasier watch it, you're going to miss the turn off!!
Frasier: So?
 Martin: We'll get lost!
Frasier: Lost from where?  We're in a house on wheels!  Wherever we go,
         we're home!
 Martin: No!  It's coming up! [tugging at Frasier's arm] It's coming
         up!  Alright, turn here! [frantically] This is it!  Turn!  
         Turn here...!  We missed it!!

Daphne and Niles look on in amusement.

Frasier: Dad, we didn't miss anything!
 Martin: [horrified] Oh my God!
Frasier: We are now on the road less traveled.  From now on there is
         a new order!  We dance to the rhythm of the road.
 Martin: [panicking] Alright, now don't panic!  There's got to be an
         access road leading back onto that turn off...

He proceeds to hunt around the map, frantically.] 

 Martin: Where is it?  Where is it! [finds it] Oh, it's always in the 
         crack!
Frasier: So is life, Dad.

End Of Act One (Time: 10:23)

Act Two. 

Scene One - Winnebago
Fade in. Several hours have elapsed, and Martin is now driving.  
Niles and Frasier stand behind the two front seats, for Eddie is 
sitting in the front passenger chair.

 Martin: I've got to say, I was pretty anxious, but I'm starting to
         like this free spirit stuff!
Frasier: [pointing out of window] Oh Dad, Dad look!  There's a
         historical marker up ahead!  Let's stop!  Let's go see it, 
         huh?
 Martin: Yes, just driving wherever you feel like it...
  Niles: It's educational Dad, there!  There!  There!  There!  There!
         Dad!

The Crane boys are pointing excitedly, but Martin drives right past.
Niles and Frasier follow it as it whizzes by, and then turn back to 
the front disappointedly.

  Niles: What did it say?
Frasier: I don't know.  The only word I saw was "Legendary."
  Niles: [spotting another attraction on the other side of the road]
         Oh, oh look, a roadside stand!  Fresh fruit, homemade apple
         cider! Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad...
   Both: Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad, DAD!

Martin once again drives right by and the boys turn to look at the
stand as it whizzes by.  Once again they turn back disappointedly,
and Niles punches the back of Martins chair lightly.

Frasier: Look Dad, you seem to be missing the freewheeling concept.

He tries to sit down but Eddie is in the chair.  He sits down 
anyway and Eddie is squashed to the side of the chair, then 
sits on Frasier's knee. 

Niles picks up the camcorder and begins to film the view out of the 
front of the van. 

Frasier: We're supposed to go where the wind blows us, for god's sakes!
 Martin: It's blowing, we're going, why are you moaning?
Frasier: [angrily] What is this obsession you have with covering a
         certain distance?
 Martin: It's just the way I relax! 

A car drives past, horn blaring.  Martin leans out of the window to shout at it. 

 Martin: Hey, watch it!  I've got my kids in the car! 

As he has been shouting he has veered to the left.  He straightens out 
quickly by swerving to the right, sending Niles once again crashing
into the overhead lockers.  Niles reels back, stunned.

Frasier: What you call relaxing seems like a man with an obsession to
         me!  Don't you think so, Niles? 

He turns to Niles, who has started to videotape Daphne, who is 
sleeping.

Frasier: Niles!  What are you doing?!
  Niles: I'm making a vacation video, something that we can look at
         years from now, over and over and over and over again...

Frasier stands up and takes the camera from him.

Frasier: Just give me that!
 Martin: Okay, you guys want to stop so bad, we'll stop.  See that sign
         over there?
  Niles: "Have your photo taken with a live grizzly bear - Marvella's
         souvenirs and gifts - one mile."
 Martin: Yeah!  I always wanted to have my picture taken with a bear!
Frasier: Well, some dreams cannot be denied! [looking into the
         passenger side view mirror] Okay dad, alright, you're good
         here, you're good on my side, dad.  Alright, just go ahead,
         ease it right over, it's never to early to change lanes... 
         [realising what he is saying] Oh my God, it must be genetic.

FADE TO:

Scene Two - inside Marvella's souvenirs and gifts. 
The Frasier gang enter, and Eddie starts to bark at a full-size, 
stuffed grizzly bear propped up in front of a painted view of a 
mountain surrounded by trees.  The rest of the store is full of 
various souvenirs and junk items.  There is a woman standing 
behind a counter.

Marvella: Get your dog away from my bear!  I just had him cleaned!
  Daphne: He's stuffed!
 Frasier: You know, your sign said "a live bear."
Marvella: It's an old sign.
  Martin: [looking at picture behind bear] Would you look at that view!  
          It's like we're really there!
 Frasier: Yes, but if we were actually there dad, we'd be whizzing past 
          at fifty miles per hour!
   Niles: Oh Frasier, look!  It's the gourmet food department!
 Frasier: Oh!  Homemade deer jerky!
   Niles: [reading notice with a sarcastic laugh] No sampling...
 Frasier: No problem!

Martin and Daphne are standing in front of the bear.

  Martin: Okay! [to lady] Excuse me!  Would you take our picture, 
          please?  Niles, Frasier, come on up here!  Okay, everybody,
          alright, here we go!  Everybody ready?  Now, what should we
          do?
 Frasier: Well, how about this? [he puts his hands up and opens his
          mouth wide as if he's scared of the bear]
  Martin: Yeah!  That's great, I like that!  Okay, everybody!  Eddie?
Marvella: Now, before I take it, you know it's ten dollars Canadian.
 Frasier: Oh, for a treasured memory like this, what's money?

Everyone puts on their "scared" faces.

Marvella: Okay, one...
  Daphne: Why would she want Canadian dollars?
Marvella: Two...
  Martin: Because we're in Canada.
Marvella: Three! 

On "three," Daphne screams loudly as Marvella takes the picture. 
Everybody looks at her as she steps forward off the photo platform.

 Daphne: We're in Canada?!
 Martin: Yeah, we crossed the border a while ago, when you were
         taking a nap.
 Daphne: But we can't be in Canada!  I'm not allowed to leave the
         United States!
Frasier: Why?
 Daphne: Because I don't have my green card yet!  Oh, this is just
         perfect!  Three months until my final interview, the one
         thing they told me not to do was to leave the country!  And
         what do you do?  Wait until the first time I fall asleep and
         drag me across the bleeding border!  They're never going to
         let me back in!
  Niles: They have to take you back, it's not your fault. [He
         crosses to comfort her]
Frasier: [to Martin] This wouldn't have happened if you weren't so
         hell-bent on getting so many miles under your belt today!
 Martin: Well, you're the one who had to go where the wind blows!

Martin and Frasier proceed to yell at each other loudly and angrily.
Niles attempts to butt in to calm them down but can't find an 
appropriate break in the argument to make himself heard.  Daphne
grabs a duck call and blows it loudly to grab their attention, 
near-deafening Niles in the process.

 Daphne: Never mind whose fault it is, I'm stuck here!  What am I
         going to do?
  Niles: We'll just go to the authorities and explain.  I'm sure
         mishaps like this happen all the time.
 Martin: Oh, get real Niles, they've got the rules!
Frasier: Oh, then what's your solution dad?
 Martin: Just sneak her back across the border.
  Niles: That's called smuggling!
 Martin: [very sarcastically] Oh, thanks Niles.  I knew it was 
         something bad guys did, I just didn't know the technical 
         term!
Frasier: Dad, I can't believe that you of all people, a former
         policeman, are actually suggesting that we commit a felony!
 Martin: Oh, I cross this border plenty!  Ninety-nine times out of a 
         hundred the guards just peek in the door and wave you through.  
         It's no big deal.  Now let's get out of here!
  Niles: Well, what if they pull us over?
 Martin: Then Daphne's just got to convince them that she's an
         American.
 Daphne: Bloody right!  It beats having me bum bounced back across the
         pond!  Let's give it a bash. 

The others exit and Frasier is left holding the door.

Frasier: Oh, yes.  This is foolproof...

Frasier exits.

FADE TO:

THE HOLE IN THE HEAD GANG


Scene Three — The Winnebago
Back in the motor home, heading for the border.  Frasier is driving,
Niles and Daphne are sitting at the table.  Martin is pacing up
and down the van.

  Niles: I'm about to defraud the United States Immigration
         Department.  Not just me, my father and my older brother.
         People who should be role models for me.  It's not my fault;
         I'm the product of a bad environment.
 Martin: [to Daphne] Now listen, on the off chance that the guard asks 
         you a question, can you say anything in an American accent?
 Daphne: [in a poor imitation of a U.S. accent] Sure.
 Martin: Okay, what?
 Daphne: You just heard it!
 Martin: What?
 Daphne: [repeating the accent] "Sure."  That's it, that's all I can
         say! [Martin looks horrified] Oh, I need a cup of tea!
Frasier: TEA!  Why don't you just wave a crumpet in the air and start
         singing, "God save the Queen"!!
  Niles: Don't you snap at her, Frasier, you're a psychiatrist.  You
         should be in better control of your emotions. [panicking] Oh
         my God, there's the border!  I can see the line of cars!
 Martin: Alright, now everybody calm down, we're going to be fine.  
         Just remember that they'll be looking for suspicious behavior. 
         [Niles is rocking back and forth with his head resting on his 
         arm.] Niles, that qualifies!  Alright, now if the guard pokes 
         his head in here, what did we say he's going to see?
    All: Four carefree Americans.
 Daphne: I've never been so nervous.
Frasier: I don't think there's any need to be.  They're waving
         everyone through... they're not even asking any questions!
  Niles: Oh, please, please, please!
Frasier: They're waving us through... they're waving us through...
         they're pulling us over... they're pulling us over! 

The gang look mortified.  Niles resumes rocking back and forwards.

FADE TO:

CHECKPOINT CHARLIE


Scene Four — Winnebago.
The van has stopped, and the guard is approaching.

 Martin: Here comes the guard.
 Daphne: I can't do this.
 Martin: Now everything's going to be fine, don't worry.  Just remember 
         to keep your answers short.  People who have something to hide 
         always talk too much. 

Guard enters.

  Guard: Hi, folks.
 Martin: Hi, there!
  Guard: Have a good time in Canada?
 Martin: Oh, great!
Frasier: Canada, wow!
  Guard: [to Niles] What was the purpose of your trip to Canada, sir?

After a long pause and a look at Martin, he answers deadpan:

  Niles: Fun.
  Guard: [after an equally long pause] I see. [to Frasier] And where
         were you born, Sir?
Frasier: Seattle, Washington.  Oh, you want to know what country? 
         Oh, well, America!  Of course!  I'm quite an American really, 
         I vote all the time, and always for the law and order guy! 
         I...
  Guard: That's fine, sir, I don't need any more details. [To Daphne] 
         And you, Miss?  Did you enjoy Canada?
 Daphne: [In her ever-so-convincing accent] Sure!
  Guard: And the weather?
 Daphne: Sure, sure!
  Guard: [To Frasier] Is this your vehicle Sir?
Frasier: Oh, no.  Yes, yes!  Well, I rented it!  It's American-made, 
         you see, I always look for that union label...
  Guard: I just need your license and registration.
Frasier: Oh, right, uh, it's right here in this little side pocket.
         There's the registration.  Let me get my license out for
         you... oh, yes, here we are!
  Guard: Stay right here. 

The Guard exits to check the documents.

 Martin: [sarcastically] Well, I can certainly depend on my gang, can't 
         I?
  Niles: [standing] That's it. I'm going to be arrested! 

He sits in the passenger seat.

 Daphne: We're all getting arrested! 

She crosses to sit where Niles was, by the door.

  Niles: Yes, but I have delicate features.  Prison will be hell for 
         me!
 Martin: Cool it, Niles.
 Daphne: It's too late to turn back!  I say we make a run for it.
Frasier: Oh yes, great idea!  A high-speed chase in an eight-ton motor 
         home!  It'll make an amusing anecdote for the border guard 
         newsletter!
 Martin: Now will everybody just shut up?  You keep babbling like this
         they're going to catch us for sure! [looks out of window]
         He's coming back! 

The guard enters.

  Guard: Well, these check out.
    All: Well, glad to hear that...
Frasier: All strictly on the up and up...

Daphne has her head turned from the guard.  He looks at her suspiciously.

  Guard: Miss, you've been very quiet.  Is there something I should 
         know here? 

Daphne says nothing but smiles and shakes her head.

  Guard: You seem awfully nervous.  May I have your name, please?

Daphne looks mortified.  She looks at Martin for help.

 Martin: Oh, alright.  I guess I should have known better than to try
         something like this
  Niles: [standing] Dad, don't!
Frasier: It was just a mistake!
  Guard: [to Niles and Frasier] You men just want to back off? [to
         Martin] What is it you want to say, sir?
 Martin: We were trying to pull one over on you.  Eddie? 

Eddie jumps into his lap. 

 Martin: We don't have a rabies certificate for the dog.
  Guard: I knew something was going on here. 

The Guard crosses to check the rest of the van, then stands by Martin.

 Martin: Yeah, well you see, we weren't planning on coming here, and
         when we got to the border we just forgot all about it.
  Niles: I for one, didn't even know that you needed one.
Frasier: Yes, but ignorance of the law is no defense so take the 
         little dog away and we'll be off!
 Martin: [casting Frasier a very evil look] Look, this is my fault.
         If you're worried that we picked the dog up here in Canada,
         well we didn't.  I mean I've got a picture I can show you.
         Here's a picture of him taken at the Seattle Space Needle.

He shows the guard a wallet photo of Eddie.  Martin's old police badge 
is still in the wallet, and he makes it quite obvious to the guard.

  Guard: I see you've got a badge there.
 Martin: [with mock surprise] Oh, yeah!
  Guard: Are you a policeman?
 Martin: Retired.  Thirty years on the Seattle police force.  Me of all
         people should know better, huh?
Frasier: Absolutely.
  Niles: Definitely.
 Daphne: [still with accent] Sure.
  Guard: Next time remember the rabies certificate.  Have a safe trip
         home.
 Martin: Thanks, officer.
Frasier: Thank you. 

The Guard exits.  They all break into individual victory dances.

 Martin: Drive! 

They all remember themselves and turn to carry on their journey.

FADE TO: 

Scene Five - Winnebago
Fade in.  Night has fallen, and Niles and Daphne are asleep.  Martin is 
driving, and Frasier comes to sit next to him in the passenger seat. 
Eddie barks at him as he walks by.

Frasier: [to Eddie] They would have returned you eventually!  So dad,
         how long 'til we get home? 
 Martin: About two hours.  This highway goes right into Seattle. 
         Why don't you lean back, take a little nap?
Frasier: Oh no, I'm okay.  I though maybe we'd chat a little bit.
 Martin: Oh yeah, great! 

There is an awkward, long, silence. 

 Martin: You know Frasier, I just can't help it.  When we're alone
         together I just don't know what the hell to say.  I'm sure 
         you figured out that's why I asked Daphne to come along.
Frasier: Well, I had my suspicions but I hoped that wasn't the case.
 Martin: Oh, knock it off.  That's why you asked Niles to come along
         too.
Frasier: That's why I asked him, but that's not why he came.

They both laugh.

 Martin: You know, the funny thing, we didn't have such a bad time,
         did we? [they both laugh again]
Frasier: [imitating guard and Martin] "I see you've got a badge there..."
         "Oh, yeah!" 

They laugh again.  Frasier picks up the map and starts to examine it.
 
Frasier: You know dad, there's no reason for us to cut our trip short. 
         According to this map we're not that far from Yellowstone.
 Martin: Oh, I always wanted to see Old Faithful!
Frasier: Me, too!
 Martin: If you wanted a real adventure we could drop these two
         sleeping beauties off at home first.
Frasier: You mean it?  Just the two of us alone?
 Martin: Yeah!
Frasier: Just you and me, father and son!
 Martin: Yeah!  You and me, camping out in Yellowstone, all alone!
Frasier: All by ourselves! 

The excitement goes out of their faces as the reality of this situation 
dawns on them.  There is another awkward silence.

 Martin: Well, you know, it'd be an awful shame if Daphne didn't get
         to see those Indian paint pots...
Frasier: Yes, of course.
 Martin: They are a real miracle of nature.
Frasier: Yeah.  Wouldn't be fair to leave Niles just to ramble around
         that old house all by himself.
 Martin: Maris out of town?  That'd be cruel.
Frasier: Yeah, absolutely.  So, how long do you figure it'll take us to
         get to Yellowstone?
 Martin: Well, if we drive all night we'll be there tomorrow.
Frasier: It'll be a nice surprise for the two of them when they wake
         up in the morning.
 Martin: I've got a better surprise than that: let's tell Daphne we're 
         in Mexico! 

Martin and Frasier burst into devilish laughter.

End Of Act Two. (Time 22:20)

Credits:

The Camcorder, supposedly held by Niles, is being used to film a
sleeping Daphne.  However she wakes up and is shocked.  The view 
then pans round to the left to reveal a very disapproving Frasier 
looking right into the camera.

Act One. 

Scene One — Café Nervosa
The waitress is serving Frasier, it's his usual (or is it?).

Waitress: Here you go Doc, your usual.
 Frasier: My usual.  How lovely it is to have a usual. [tastes it]
          What is this?
Waitress: Latte with nutmeg and cinnamon.
 Frasier: Ah, no, no, no, that's my brother's usual.  Mine is the
          double Kona with cream. 
   Niles: [entering:] Oh, Frasier, am I glad to see you.
Waitress: [to Niles:] Your usual, Doc?
   Niles: Please. [she hands Frasier's to Niles, then he carries on:]
          Thank you!
 Frasier: Niles, you seem more than usually agitated today.  Problem?
   Niles: I'm meeting my publisher here in five minutes.  Remember the
          book deal I signed last month, the one you were so jealous
          of?
 Frasier: I wasn't jealous of it, Niles, you just wanted me to be
          jealous. 
   Niles: It's all moot anyway, the deal's about to be killed.  It
          turns out the idea I sold them had already been done.  They
          gave me until today to think up an alternative and I've got
          bupkes. I've got less than bupkes.  I've got what bupkes
          keeps for lint in the bottom of his pocket!
 Frasier: Can't you just ask for an extension?
   Niles: No, no, I've asked for two already. 

[He sees the publisher walking in.]

   Niles: Oh God there he is.  Sam, so good to see you.
     Sam: Niles.
   Niles: Sam Tanaka, my brother Dr. Frasier Crane.
 Frasier: My pleasure. [the waitress brings Frasier's coffee]
     Sam: Nice to meet you. 
   Niles: Sam, would you like a coffee?
     Sam: [points to Frasier's cup:] Oh, I'll have what he's having.
          [Niles takes Frasier's cup and gives it to Sam.]
   Niles: So you shall.
 Frasier: [to waitress:] One more, please.
     Sam: Wait a second, you're the doctor from the radio, aren't
          you?
 Frasier: Guilty as charged.
     Sam: I listen to your show all the time.
 Frasier: Well, thank you.
     Sam: I never put it together that you two of you were brothers. 
   Niles: All our lives. [laughs]
     Sam: Well, you two must have incredible insight into sibling
          relationships. 
 Frasier: No more than your average psychiatrist brothers. [laughs] 
     Sam: So Niles, what's your idea? 
   Niles: [nearly crying:] My idea... Well Sam, you know I've given it
          a lot of thought, and it's not easy...
     Sam: You'd almost think there's a book in that.
   Niles: In what?
     Sam: Two psychiatrist brothers writing about sibling
          relationships. 
   Niles: That, Sam, is why you are the most respected publisher in
          the greater Seattle area.  That is exactly the idea we were
          going to pitch to you. 
 Frasier: What?  I hate to interrupt...
     Sam: Terrific!  Gentlemen, I'm going to cancel my lunch date so I
          can take you two out to celebrate.
   Niles: Well, we were going to write today, but OK. 

[Sam leaves.]

 Frasier: Niles, what the hell are you doing?  I don't want to write a
          book.  For God's sake, I'm out of here.
   Niles: Frasier, I know it's asking a big favor.  I mean, I know 
          you're busy.  But I want you to know that all of my life 
          I've dreamed of one thing: the day I could go into a 
          library and go to the card catalogue and see my name 
          under "mental illness" - the day I could finally feel 
          what you feel; that I'm somebody, not just one more 
          dusty little psychiatrist in a grey pinstripe suit.
 Frasier: Oh Niles, I...
   Niles: Come on!  We haven't collaborated on anything together since 
          we wrote the spring musical in prep school. 
 Frasier: Well, it was well received.  And it did get us out of gym 
          class. 
   Niles: It could be like that again.
 Frasier: I don't know, Niles...

Niles starts humming the tune from their old musical; Frasier starts
bouncing in rhythm to it.

   Niles: Ump-da, ump-da, ump-da, da-da-da, ump-da, ump-da, ump-da...
    Both: [singing:]
          Though some boys go to college,
          But we think they're all wussies,
          �Cause they get all the knowledge,
          And we get all the... 
          [dancing in a circle]
          Ump-da, ump-da, ump-da, da-da-da, ump-da, ump-da, ump-da...
 Frasier: Alright, I'll do it!
   Niles: Yes!

FADE OUT

IT WAS PROBABLY
LAKE SMITH


Scene Two — Frasier's Apartment
Later, Frasier answers the door to his partner, Niles. 
Martin is by the television.

Frasier: Dumas frere.
  Niles: Dumas frere.
 Martin: Hello Niles, what are you doing over here?
Frasier: Oh Dad, I told you it's our first writing session tonight. 
 Martin: But I thought you were doing it over at Niles's house.
  Niles: Er, we were supposed to.  Unfortunately, it's Maris's turn to
         host her sherry tasting group and things tend to get a little 
         raucous when she does. 
 Martin: But "The Silencer"'s on in twenty minutes.
Frasier: Dad, I've solved that problem.  

He produces a pair of wireless headphones, the type you can use to hear
your television while the sound is muted.

Frasier: I've bought you these headphones, see?  You'll be able to 
         listen to the TV, without disturbing Niles and me as we 
         work.
 Martin: What about Eddie?  How's he going to hear?
Frasier: He can read about the game in tomorrow's paper.  Try 'em out,
         Dad.

Martin puts them on and listens while watching the TV.

 Martin: [shouts:] Hey, not bad! [watches the TV]
  Niles: Very clever solution.
Frasier: Yes, and it also has another little feature that I like a
         lot.  Watch this. 

While Martin watches the TV, Frasier speaks out of his sight.

Frasier: Hey, Dad!  Nice shirt.  Did they throw that in the last time 
         you had your tires rotated?

Martin doesn't respond, Frasier and Niles laugh.

  Niles: Hey Dad?  Tell us about the time you met Dwight Eisenhower.
         We haven't heard that story this hour! [they laugh again]
Frasier: Okay, okay, my turn.  Hey, Dad?  Remember-
 Martin: [obviously hearing:] Say another word and I'll club you both
         with my cane. 

The brothers hastily back off and sit at the dinner table.  Martin
settles down to watch the TV.

 Martin: This is great, thanks a lot. [puts earphones around Eddie's 
         neck] You better watch out for this for me, Eddie.  I'm going 
         to get myself a little snack.  Who wants some beer? 
Frasier: Just you!  Alright now, Niles, this is no time to 
         procrastinate. 
  Niles: [poised at the keyboard of his laptop] OK, here we go.  
         Chapter One.  Page One.  Paragraph One.  I'm indenting!

Frasier shuts the laptop.

Frasier: I hate to squash your enthusiasm, but don't you think before 
         We start actually typing the book, we should discuss what the
         book is going to be about!
  Niles: Forgive me for just barreling ahead, but damn it, I'm jazzed.
         You know we have to approach this book from a completely
         different angle from all of our previous writings, our
         dissertations, out theses...
Frasier: Hmm, that's right.  Yeah, this has to be interesting!
  Niles: Well, the obvious approach is case histories.  We'll fill the
         book with anecdotes with brothers and sisters we've dealt
         with in our practice. 
Frasier: Yes, and if we throw in a few references to heaving
         bosoms, we're bound to make Book of the Month Club.
 Martin: Why, I could tell you a couple of stories about you guys
         you could throw in there. 
  Niles: That's an idea, we could use ourselves, it would make a
         delicious introduction to our book.
Frasier: I like the introduction idea.  Dad, OK, give us a story which
         depicts little Frasier and little Niles at their conflicted
         best. 
 Martin: Oh, that has to be when we went trout fishing up at that
         lake whats-its-name.  Boy, you guys were at it tooth and
         nail.
  Niles: This is good, this is interesting.
 Martin: Now, what was the name of that lake again.
Frasier: Dad, the name of the lake is immaterial. 
 Martin: Indian word, Lake Whatchahatchi? 
Frasier: Dad, you're missing the point here.
 Martin: [ignoring:] Oh, your mother would know.  Too bad she's dead!
         Er, whatacouchi, whatawoochi.  It was an Indian word, it meant
         "Land of a thousand..."  No!  This is driving me nuts!  I'm
         going to have to go in there and look it up.
Frasier: Dad, we just wanted the story!
 Martin: No, it's alright.  Now where the hell did I put my atlas?
         [leaves]
Frasier: Quite a resource, isn't he?
  Niles: Alright, we'll just put the introduction on hold. 
Frasier: Okay, back to case histories.  Well, I suppose I could go take
         my files out of storage after the re... [thinks of
         something] Niles, is there a light bulb over my head?
  Niles: You have an idea?
Frasier: No, [sarcastically:] I'm actually asking you if there's a
         light bulb over my head!  Of course I have an idea, it's my
         radio show.  I mean, what better source of case histories can
         there be?  I'll just ask my listeners to call in with their
         personal stories of sibling conflict, and you could be my
         guest on the show.
  Niles: So, what you're suggesting, is that exploit your listeners'
         lives for our own personal game?
Frasier: In essence, yes.  What do you think?
  Niles: I think it's borderline sleazy.  Let's go for it! 

FADE TO:

THE MOTHER LODE


Scene Three - KACL
So, on the next day, Frasier is standing in Roz's booth, setting up for 
his show.  Niles is sitting to the side of his console, in front of the
guest's mike.  Roz comes in and isn't too pleased.

Frasier: Hello, Roz.
    Roz: Hey, Frasier.  What's your brother doing here?
Frasier: He's going to be my guest on the show today.
    Roz: Oh, no!  I don't think so!  I am the producer, and I approve
         all the guests.  This wasn't run by me and I do not approve
         him!
Frasier: OK, Roz, bye-bye, have a good show.

He puts down his script and starts to leave the booth.

    Roz: Okay, okay.  But I won't make him coffee, I won't run his 
         Errands and I'm not taking any of his crapola. [through mike:] 
         Hey, Niles, welcome aboard. [to Frasier:] Five seconds till 
         air.
Frasier: [into booth with Niles:] OK, Niles, sit down, take a deep
         breath and try not to spit on the mike! [ on air:]
         Hello Seattle, this is Dr. Frasier Crane.  I have a very
         special guest with me today - my brother, the eminent
         psychiatrist, Dr. Niles Crane. 
  Niles: Hello, Emerald City!  What's doing, what's happenin'?
Frasier: [off air:] What the hell do you think you're doing?
  Niles: That was my radio persona.  Every successful radio personality 
         has one. 
Frasier: I don't.
  Niles: My point exactly. 
Frasier: Just try to be yourself, will you? [on air:] Our topic today
         is siblings: what makes you love them, what makes you hate
         them...
  Niles: What little things do they do that especially annoy you?
         These could be things from your childhood OR they could
         things from your adolesence, OR they could be things from
         your young adulthood OR...
Frasier: They could be things that are going on right now!  Roz,
         who's our first caller?
    Roz: We have Donald from Bainbridge Island.  He hasn't spoken to
         his brother for over twenty years. 
Frasier: Hello, Donald.
  Niles: I'm listening! 
Frasier: We're listening! 

Time Fade.
The show is now nearing to a close.  A woman called Laura is on the
line, talking to Frasier whilst Niles is scribbling down all the
details. 

  Laura: [v.o.] I'll never forget it, Dr. Crane, I cried for two hours
         straight.
Frasier: So, you were completely bald.
  Laura: Yes, the perm destroyed my hair.  I was sure my sisters were
         going to laugh at me.  But, they all kissed me and then they
         marched into the bathroom and shaved their heads too, just
         so I wouldn't feel like a freak. 

Frasier, Niles, and Roz share an amazed look over this story.

Frasier: Amazing!  Well, there you have it, Seattle - the miracle of 
         the sibling relationship spelled out in an unselfish act of
         head-shaving.  Well, that's about all the time we have.  
         I'd like to thank my brother Dr. Niles Crane for being 
         here today.  Niles, I would shave my head for you.
  Niles: A gesture which becomes less significant with each passing
         year. [Roz hides a grin]
Frasier: This is Dr. Frasier Crane, I'll be back tomorrow.  One Crane
         flying solo. 

He goes off the air.

  Niles: Frasier, we have hit the mother lode.  We've got enough
         information here for two volumes!  I must aplogise for 
         ever criticizing your radio program. 
Frasier: Oh, it's all water under the pont-neuf. 
    Roz: [peering round:] I hate to break up the stroke-a-thon, but
         there's a Sam Tanaka on line one. 
Frasier: [presses button] Oh, hello Sam, you're on speakerphone.
    Sam: I caught the show today, fellas.
Frasier: You did!  And?
    Sam: Jackpot! [Frasier and Niles make ecstatic faces at each other] 
         How's the writing coming?
  Niles: Oh, incredible, it's just falling like water.  We've got, 
         what, two or three chapters already. 
    Sam: That's good to hear, because I just got off the phone with
         Reader's Digest.  They're interested in the serialization
         rights.  I need first few chapters to give them a taste, can
         you fax them right over?

Niles and Frasier share a look of panic.
 
Frasier: Well, Sam Of course we could, but you know, they're a little
         rough, Sam.
    Sam: No problem, you've got till Friday to polish them up.  
         You can do that, right? 

Niles and Frasier look at each other in total dismay.

  Niles: Absolutely!
Frasier: Friday's fine!
    Sam: Terrific, I love you guys! [hangs up]
Frasier: My God, what are we going to do?
  Niles: Well now, let's remember we have all this material and now
         it's just a matter of putting it all together. 
Frasier: It's due on Friday!
  Niles: We'll settle down and do it by [stressed:] Friday!
Frasier: Wait, wait, I just remembered a story about George and Ira
         Gershwin when they had to meet a deadline.  They would lock
         themselves in a hotel room, free from distractions, and not
         come out until their task was complete. 
  Niles: Brilliant!  If we get hot we'll not only finish this volume
         but we can write another chorus to "Betsy Who Is My Woman
         Now." 

End of Act One (Time: 11:52)

Act Two.

GEORGE AND IRA


Scene One — Hotel Room
The Crane boys arrive at their hotel room.  It's time to get to work.

  Niles: It's clean, it's sparkling, [re: paintings on walls] it's 
         mass-produced art, it's totally devoid of charm - it's 
         perfect.  Let's get to work.
Frasier: I'm with you, mon frere.  We cannot be intimidated by the 
         tyranny of a blank page.  All we need to get a good start 
         here is... Room Service!
  Niles: Frasier!
Frasier: Niles, you're right!  All we need is a good opening sentence.
         Something that will smack the reader right between the eyes
         and then take him on a virtual roller-coaster ride of self
         awareness and discovery.
  Niles: [typing] Frasier, while you were out there mixing metaphors 
         like a Cuisinart, I've had a breakthrough.  Voila!  Our 
         opening sentence!
Frasier: [reading:] "From Romulus and Remus to the Le Nain Sisters,
         sibling relationships have sparked psychological debate
         throughout the world." [thinks] Interesting.
  Niles: You like it?
Frasier: Well, I said it was interesting.  The task ahead of us now is 
         to decide whether we'd like an interesting opening or a good
         one. 
  Niles: You're just being negative because you didn't think of it
         first.
Frasier: No!  In truth I'm not.  I never cared for Romulus, I never
         cared for Remus and the reference to the Le Nain Sisters is
         from the friggin' moon. 
  Niles: Well, alright, if you can do better, please be my guest. 
Frasier: I will.

Ten-second pause.

Niles: My fingers are poised over the keys... I'm waiting.

Some time later, Frasier and Niles have taken off their jackets,
they are sitting in the same exact spot and Niles is still twiddling 
his thumbs above the keyboard.  They look more tired. 

  Niles: I'm still waiting!
Frasier: Alright, alright, put this down!  "The key to a good sibling
         relationship is the ability to be open and honest."
  Niles: That actually sounded good to me.
Frasier: Well, put that in there.
  Niles: [typing:] "The key to a good sibling relationship is the
         ability to be open and honest, while still respecting each
         other's boundaries."
Frasier: What are you doing?  What was that crap about boundaries?
  Niles: I was just finishing the thought. 
Frasier: The thought was finished.  It didn't need finishing, for God's
         sake.  Now it's a run-on sentence. 
  Niles: I think it's much better this way. 
Frasier: Well, I don't!
  Niles: Well, I'm at the keyboard.
Frasier: Alright then, let me type! 

Niles holds onto the keyboard, whilst Frasier tugs it.

  Niles: No, I can only write at the keyboard. 
Frasier: Niles, you haven't written a thing all day, except to ruin a
         perfectly good opening sentence. 
  Niles: [mad:] I was merely finishing it, it was an incomplete
         thought.
Frasier: You're an incomplete thought!  What happened to the iced tea?
  Niles: I finished that too! 

Much later, both men are stripped down to their undershirts (Niles,
of course, wears suspenders).  Frasier is lying on the bed, guzzling
drinks from the mini bar.  Niles is barely awake over the keys, 
yawning. 

Frasier: Niles, I've just had an epiphany.
  Niles: Oh wonderful, we could use a second sentence.
Frasier: No, it's not for the book.  I've just realised why so many
         writers become bloated alcoholic suicides. [Niles types]
         No, don't type that in.
  Niles: I'm not, I'm adding up our tab from the mini-bar.  We now
         owe... two hundred thirty-two dollars.
Frasier: [looks out of window.] Oh, Dear God!
  Niles: Well, you're the damn fool that ate the whole jar of
         Macadamia nuts! 
Frasier: No, it's dawn.  It's Friday!  Oh Niles, why don't we just
         admit it.  We can't work together, there's never going to 
         be any book! 
  Niles: [brushing up hair:] Not with that attitude, there isn't.
Frasier: Oh, will you get off it!  Come on, the fat lady has sung!  The
         curtain has been run down here.  I'll type it for you in
         capital letters! [he does]
  Niles: [reading:] "IT'S UVER?"
Frasier: Let's just go home.

Frasier gets up and goes to the door, while Niles picks up a bottle
that came from the mini-bar.

  Niles: Well, I guess I shouldn't be surprised you'd give up so 
         easily.  It's not your dream, after all.  Why should it be, 
         Mr. Bigshot Radio Host?
Frasier: Oh, so that's what this little tantrum is all about, huh?
         You're jealous of my celebrity?
  Niles: It's not a tantrum, and I'm not jealous.  I'm just [angry:]
         FED UP!  I'm fed up with being second all the time.  You know,
         I wanted to be a psychiatrist like Mom way before you did,
         but because you were older you got there first.  You were
         first to get married.  You were first to give Dad the
         grandchild he always wanted.  By the time I get around 
         to doing anything, it's all chewed meat! 
Frasier: You're crying about something that we can't change!
  Niles: Oh, you wouldn't change it if you could, you love it!
Frasier: Oh, let it go, Niles!
  Niles: I can't let it go!  My nose is rubbed in it every day!  
         I'm the one on the board of the Psychiatric Association, 
         my research is well respected in academic circles, 
         four of my patients have been elected to political office, 
         but it's your big fat face they put on the side of buses!
Frasier: I do not have a fat face!
  Niles: Oh please, I've been wondering how long you're going to
         store those nuts for winter!
Frasier: Well, at least I'm not SPINDLY!
  Niles: Who you calling spindly, Fat Face?
Frasier: You, Spindly.
  Niles: Fat Face!
Frasier: Spindly!
  Niles: Fat Face!
Frasier: Spindly!
  Niles: Fat Face!
Frasier: You take that back!
  Niles: You make me.
Frasier: I will make you.
  Niles: I don't see you making me.
Frasier: Well, here's making you...

Frasier reaches forward and pulls a hair out of Niles's chest. 

  Niles: OW!

Frasier turns toward the door.  Niles runs after him and jumps 
on his back. 

Growling, Frasier spins around and slams Niles against the wall, 
twice.  Losing his wind, Niles drops off Frasier's back, and 
they grapple with their arms.

  Niles: [levering Frasier's chin] Here's your fat face!  Gimme that-
Frasier: Gimme that-

As they wrestle, Niles gets the upper hand by placing Frasier 
in a headlock.  He laughs triumphantly.

Frasier: Niles!  Niles!  Stop it!  We're psychiatrists, not pugilists! 

Niles, looking stunned, releases him.

Frasier: I can't believe you fell for that! [seizes Niles in a headlock]

Niles tries to break free, Frasier throws him onto the bed, then leaps
onto him with a yell.  He starts to throttle Niles.

  Niles: My God, my God, I'm having a flashback: you're climbing in
         my crib and jumping on me!
Frasier: YOU STOLE MY MOMMY!

Suddenly realizing his insanity, Frasier stops and gets off the bed.
 
Frasier: Oh my God, oh my God.  Niles, I've gotta get out of here.  
         This entire idea has been a fiasco since the start.  It's 
         the stupidest idea you ever had, I should never have agreed 
         to it!  Goodbye!

He grabs his briefcase and exits without bothering to get dressed.
As he slams the door behind him, Niles, whipped, tumbles off the bed
onto the floor.

FADE TO:

Scene Two — Frasier's Apartment
The next morning, Frasier enters the main room of his apartment
where Martin and Daphne are sitting.

Frasier: Morning, all.
 Martin: Morning.
 Daphne: You seem cheerful this morning, Dr. Crane.
Frasier: Why shouldn't I be?
 Martin: Well, it's going to rain again, jobless rate's up, [Frasier 
         bites into a muffin] and about two minutes ago Eddie was 
         licking that muffin. 

Frasier puts the muffin down and washes out his mouth, the door bell goes.

 Daphne: Oh, I'll get it. 
Frasier: Dad, the mark of a pure man is that one that realizes he can't
         control his circumstances, he can only control his response. 
 Martin: Have you talked to your brother yet?
Frasier: [going to kitchen] I do not have a brother!  I'm an only 
         child!
 Daphne: [answering door to Niles] Oh, hello Dr. Crane.
  Niles: Hello Daphne, [walks in] Dad.

Frasier comes out of the kitchen and sees Niles.

Frasier: What are you doing here?
  Niles: [to Martin:] Dad, I would like you to convey a message from
         me to Frasier. 
 Martin: What makes you think I know where he is?
  Niles: Tell him, he owes me half this hotel bill.  Tell him I'll
         accept cash but no personal checks, as I know he has trouble
         writing things! 

Martin hands the bill to Frasier.

Frasier: I'm not paying any of this!
  Niles: So, you're cheap as well as intellectually barren. 
Frasier: And you're a no-talent hack.
  Niles: And you look stupid in a t-shirt! 
 Martin: Alright, that's enough.  Sit down and listen to me.  Sit down. 
         [they do.] I never had a brother, but I had a partner once, 
         my first, Mitch Gussy.  Big bear of a guy, arms like tree-
         trunks.  Mitch and I would go to ball games together, we'd 
         play cards, and this was after work with eight hours 
         together...
Frasier: Dad, that's all very nice...
 Martin: Just listen to me.  Three months into our partnership, Gus and 
         I got assigned to a stakeout.  Three days in the front seat of 
         a Chevy Nova together.  Sitting up, drinking too much coffee. 
         It didn't take long before we started getting on each other's 
         nerves. 
  Niles: Because he was a big, egotistical fat-face?
 Martin: Because we were human.  He didn't like this about me, I didn't 
         like that about him, so it got ugly.  When the stakeout was 
         over Gus requested a transfer and that was fine by me.  Three 
         months later, he was stabbed after breaking up a bar fight.  
         By the time I got to the hospital, it was too late.  

Beat.

 Martin: Take what you want from this story, guys.  All I know is,
         it ain't worth it. 
 Daphne: [runs to the kitchen, crying:] Excuse me, I need a hanky. 
 Martin: Isn't there something you'd like to say to your brother?
Frasier: Yes Dad, I suppose there is. [holding the muffin Eddie 
         licked:] Niles, would you like a muffin?
 Martin: Frasier!
Frasier: Alright!  Niles, sorry things didn't work out with the book.
         You have no reason to feel inferior to me.  You're an
         accomplished psychiatrist, a decent man, and you stand 
         second to no-one. 
  Niles: Thank you Frasier.  The truth is, I've always looked up to you
         and admired you. 
 Martin: Alright, enough of this mushy girly stuff.  Just shake hands,
         punch each other on the shoulder and be done with it. 
Frasier: Oh, what the heck! 

Niles and Frasier hug, which just disappoints Martin.  Martin walks
into the kitchen for a Ballantine and finds Daphne crying.

 Martin: What are you crying about?
 Daphne: I just keep thinking about poor Gus, it must be so hard on
         you carrying all that pain around.
 Martin: There was no Gus, I just made him up.
 Daphne: What?!
 Martin: Well, at least there's one good writer in this family. 

Daphne hits Martin with a cloth, after feeling used.

End of Act Two. (Time: 22:10)

Credits:

That night, in the kitchen, there are some muffins on a plate. 
Eddie jumps up onto the side, knocks the muffin on to the floor 
and jumps down so he can have his feast.

Skyline: The Seattle sky line is drawn with no extras.

Act One. 

Scene One — KACL
Frasier and Roz in their respective booths, the show is going on.

Frasier: Gee, I'm sorry, Blake.  When I told you to close your eyes
         and visualize that you were on a tropical island, I didn't
         realize you were calling from your car phone. 

The camera pans to Roz, who looks mildly horrified.

  Blake: [v.o.] That's OK, Doc.  At least I know my airbags work.
Frasier: [laughs uncomfortably] Well, I'm glad you're alright.  
         And thank you for your call.

Gil Chesterton edges open the door and slides into the booth. 
He waves and mouths "Hi." 

Frasier: Well, look who's popped into the booth!  It's Gil Chesterton,
         KACL's own food critic - which means, it's my cue to hit
         the road.  So, till tomorrow, this is Dr. Frasier Crane,
         wishing you... [starts to sneeze] a good day... [sneezes] 
         and-and good health.

He goes off the air.  Gil comes in with his hands behind his back.
Roz enters the booth.

    Gil: [motherly] Hey, Frasier!
Frasier: Hello, Gil.
    Gil: I heard you coughing on the air earlier today.  Sounds like
         you might be coming down with something.  So I had this sent
         over from Rosenthal's Deli. [hands Frasier a white paper bag] 
         Chicken soup, so lovingly prepared even the chicken gets well.
Frasier: Thank you.  That's very kind.
    Gil: And of course I'd never forget you, Roz. [hands her a smaller 
         bag] Some ladyfingers, that have been soaked in rum.
    Roz: Mmm!
Frasier: Much like her own. 

He coughs repeatedly and loudly, ignoring Roz's offended look.

    Gil: I say, I hope this isn't the start of that nasty flu that's
         going around.  You want to take a couple of days off, nip it
         in the bud, I'd be happy to cover your time slot for you.
Frasier: No, no, thank you.  I'll be fine tomorrow.
    Gil: Okey-dokey.  But, uh... feel free to call me if you change
         your mind.

He leaves, as Roz bites into a ladyfinger.

    Roz: Mmm!  Plump, gooey, and guaranteed to rot your teeth.
Frasier: Yes.  I don't like his phony British accent much, either.
    Roz: You sure got a bug up your mind about Gil.  What's your
         problem?
Frasier: I just don't trust him.  Nobody's that nice unless they want
         something from you.

Roz picks up something from the table and heads back to her booth.

    Roz: He's just a generous person.
Frasier: Oh, yes! [getting up and following her] He was very generous
         to Bonnie Weems!  Bought her a case of wine, asked her to let
         him have her timeslot when she was off on vacation.  When she 
         got back, she had been banished to the midnight to four a.m.
         slot!
    Roz: What are you saying?  He's trying to take our timeslot?
Frasier: I'm just saying we should watch our backs.  How would you
         like to work from midnight to four a.m.?  What would happen
         to your social life?  Those are your peak hours! [smirks]
    Roz: You're just being paranoid.
Frasier: No, I'm not. [returns to his booth]
    Roz: [following him] Yes, you are!  The man brought you some
         chicken soup.  It does not mean he wants your timeslot.
         Besides, why would he be bribing us?  He'd be bribing the
         higher-ups, they're the ones who make the decisions!

At that moment, Gil enters with another paper bag.

    Gil: Frasier! [sees the first bag] Oh good, it's still here.  
         I'm so sorry.  This is your soup. [hands him the bag in 
         his hand and takes the one off the console] This is the 
         Lobster Newburg I bought for the station manager's cat.

He leaves.  Frasier, vindicated, throws a knowing look at Roz.

Frasier: I'll see you tomorrow, Roz.

He grabs his briefcase off the console and leaves.

FADE OUT

SPRING IS IN THE AIR


Scene Two - Frasier's apartment
Martin and Daphne are seated at the table, both reading from the 
newspaper.

 Daphne: Oh, here's a gruesome bit.  A partly-decomposed body just
         washed up in Puget Sound!
 Martin: Hey, that's good news!
 Daphne: [shocked] I beg your pardon?
 Martin: Bodies don't rise till the weather gets warmer.  You get your
         first floater, and spring's just around the corner! 

Daphne looks suitably disgusted.

Frasier enters from his bedroom, clumsily dressed and looking 
extremely tired. 

Frasier: [listlessly] Morning, Dad, Daphne.
 Martin: Frasier, you sound awful!
Frasier: [unconvincingly] It's just a little bug.
 Daphne: But you can't be thinking of going to work!  You're all pasty
         and clammy and pale!
 Martin: And coming from an English person, that's bad!

Daphne, offended, picks up the breakfast dishes and marches into 
the kitchen.

Frasier: Don't worry, Dad.  As you've often said, "if you can walk, 
         you can work."  Took kind of an ironic twist the day you 
         got shot in the hip!
 Martin: Well, at least I had a real job.  Half your listening
         audience hears voices already, and the other half talks to
         themselves!  If you don't show up, who's going to notice?
Frasier: Well, I'm out of here. 

He puts down his mug and walks over to the coat rack.  Daphne runs
after him from the kitchen.

 Daphne: But you're burning up!  You really should stay home and 
         let me tend to you.  I'm a very good nurse.  I mended all 
         my brothers' soccer injuries.
Frasier: [shrugging into his coat] Well, I didn't get injured playing
         soccer.
 Daphne: Neither did my hooligan brothers.  Mostly they got hurt
         beating up drunken Dutchmen in the stands. 

Frasier sneezes explosively.

 Martin: [folding his arms] Well, that's going to look pretty against
         the glass in your booth!  Why don't you just stay home?
Frasier: Dad, Daphne, thank you, thank you.  But I'm a physician. 
         I believe that I am the best monitor of my own condition.  
         I'm fine!  Fit as a fiddle!

He pulls open the door and exits. 

Beat. 

The doorbell sounds, languidly and tiredly.  Daphne, who has turned 
away, returns expectantly to the door and opens it to reveal a very 
sick Frasier.

Frasier: [whining] I'm sick...!

Daphne supports Frasier as he trudges back into the living room.

FADE TO:

Scene Three — KACL
Gil is on the air, doing his show in Frasier's timeslot. 

    Gil: And we're back, with "Restaurant Beat."  This is Gil 
         Chesterton and I'm filling in for Dr. Frasier Crane.  
         We're here talking to Louis, who has forgotten that 
         tonight is his tenth anniversary.  Well, Louis, I 
         believe I've saved your proverbial derriere!  During 
         the commercial, I managed to secure you a private booth 
         at Maximillian's.  Just promise me for dessert you'll 
         have their Schwarzw�lder Kirschtorte.
  Louis: The... the what?
    Gil: The Schwarzw�lder... [condescendingly] well, maybe 
         you'd better stick with the rainbow sherbet.
  Louis: I don't know how to thank you.  You saved my marriage!
    Gil: No, don't thank me!  I'm only here tonight because our dear 
         Dr. Crane is home with the flu.

The scene changes to Frasier's room.  Frasier is lying in bed with
a thermometer in his mouth.  He is listening to Gil on a radio above 
his bed.  Martin reads the newspaper in a chair by the bed.

    Gil: [on radio] If you're listening, Doc, all of us here 
         at KACL want you to get better soon.
Frasier: [mumbling around the thermometer] I just bet you do.

Daphne comes out of the bathroom.

 Daphne: Time to check if the turkey's done. [she takes out the
         thermometer]
Frasier: Dad, you know, you don't have to sit in here with me all
         day.
 Martin: Oh no, no problem.  You need company when you're sick.  You
         never know when you're going to croak.
 Daphne: Oh, boy.  Your temperature is up there - one hundred and one!
         You are a sick boy.
Frasier: Thank you for reminding me, Daphne.
 Martin: Naw, I remember the sickest I ever was.  They'd shipped us
         back from Korea.  I got this Oriental parasite, that was
         building its own little pagoda right in my colon...
Frasier: Thank you, Dad.
 Daphne: You know, you might try some of my homeopathic tea.  It'll
         flush out your system, and it'll also make your hair more
         shiny and manageable. 

She fluffs her own hair, while sterilizing the thermometer with alcohol.


Frasier: No, no thank you.
 Martin: Oh, no!  That wasn't the sickest I was.  It was that time 
         Your mother and I took that trip down to Mexico.  I was real
         careful about the water, and then I ate this piece of lettuce.  
         Next thing you know, I'm spewing both for accuracy and 
         distance.  I spent the night curled up on the stone floor, 
         screaming, "I want to die, I want to die!"
Frasier: Wouldn't that have been a tragedy?  You wouldn't be here with 
         me now!
 Martin: OK, I get the point.  I'll give you a little peace and quiet
         here. [gets up and starts to leave] Oh, no!  What was I
         thinking of?  What about the time your mother left the potato
         salad in the trunk of the car?  I'm still sick from that one!

Martin leaves.  Daphne carries a tray to the door.

 Daphne: [pleasantly] Is there anything else you need?
Frasier: A little more ginger ale, please.
 Daphne: Very well, then. 

She turns to leave but he calls her back.

Frasier: Oh Daphne, this time make it shaved ice, not cubes.  And I
         don't like those straws.  Can I have the bendy kind?  And the
         saltines, they're too salty.  I need the low-sodium.
 Daphne: Your wish is my command.

She turns to leave again.  This time, she is stopped by Niles, 
who is just entering the room. 

  Niles: Hello, Daphne.  Is he in pain?
 Daphne: Not enough. 

She exits.  Niles bends over Frasier, covering his mouth with his
handkerchief.

  Niles: Frasier, I brought you something.
Frasier: Niles!  Put the hanky down, for God's sake!  It's not the
         plague!

Niles does, carefully folding the handkerchief and placing it on the
bed before sitting down.  He's carrying a plastic bag with a slime-
green pouch inside, with a lanyard around it.

  Niles: Well, look.  This is from Marta, our maid.  It's a poultice 
         you wear around your neck.  The recipe comes from her remote 
         mountain village in Guatemala.
Frasier: [catches a whiff] I can see why her village is remote!
  Niles: Well yes, it is pungent. [drapes it around Frasier's neck] 
         But, by inhaling these herbs, many of the villagers live to be 
         well over a hundred.  Marta herself is seventy-eight, and you 
         should see her scramble up the stairs when Maris rings her 
         little bell.

The phone rings.

Frasier: Oh, Niles, would you mind?
  Niles: Of course.

Obligingly, Niles gets off the bed and walks to the phone. 
Eddie scampers into the room and bounces up onto Frasier's 
bed next to him.

Frasier: Oh, hello Eddie!  For once I'm actually glad to see you!  
         Here. 

He drapes the poultice around the dog's neck.  Horrified, Eddie 
runs out of the room.  Frasier laughs to himself.

Niles returns to the bed, phone in hand.

  Niles: [returning to the bed, phone in hand] Uh, it's for you.
         It's - Roz?
Frasier: [taking the phone and speaking weakly] Hello.
    Roz: So, how are you feeling?
Frasier: Awful, thank you.

Reset to: we see Roz standing at the payphone outside the studio, 
as Gil still goes on with his show.

    Roz: Well, I'm sorry to hear that.  Because I really think you 
         should get your butt back down here.  You were right about 
         Gil, Frasier.  He's lobbying for our slot.  I was talking to
         Millie in Traffic and she overheard Gil talking to the station 
         manager.  It was all about how our timeslot is perfect for his 
         show because it's mid-afternoon and everyone is making [posh 
         accent] dinner plans!
Frasier: I knew it, I knew it!  Geez... OK, Roz, you can count on me. 
         I'll be there tomorrow.
    Roz: Well, you'd better be!  I don't trust that greedy, finger-
         Licking runt as far as I can throw him.
    Gil: [sticking his head out of the booth] I say, Roz, how am I
         doing so far?
    Roz: [fake] Fabulous!

Reset to: Frasier's room.

Frasier: OK, I'll be in tomorrow.

He hangs up the receiver, and Niles replaces the phone on the desk.

  Niles: Frasier, you can't be serious about going in tomorrow.  Your
         pupils are dilated. [he touches his brother's forehead] You
         have a fever.  

He wets a cotton swab with the alcohol and meticulously cleans 
his hands.

  Niles: You go in in that condition, you won't even make it to the... 
Frasier: Oh, I just don't trust Gil Chesterton.  I think he's after my
         timeslot. [exasperated] Oh Niles, will you stop it with the
         alcohol!

Niles reluctantly places the cotton wool into the plastic bag that 
once held the poultice.

Frasier: I just can't let that smarmy little chowhound do my show for
         another day!  Oh God, anybody would be better! [inspiration
         strikes] Niles, Niles, would you do my show for me?
  Niles: Frasier, I think that fever of yours is making you delusional.
Frasier: Oh, no!  I filled in for you when you were too sick to meet
         with your "Fear of Intimacy" group!
  Niles: [heading into the bathroom] I wasn't sick.  They were just
         getting too close.
Frasier: Oh, I guess you're right.  It's probably a bad idea.  Doing my
         show requires a set of abilities that you just don't possess.  
         You have to be able to size up your patients very quickly, and 
         then dispense your advice in an entertaining and insightful 
         manner.
  Niles: [re-entering the room] Frasier, this pathetic attempt at 
         reverse psychology is beneath you.
Frasier: [knowingly] Then you're not going to do my show?
  Niles: [defiantly] No, I AM going to do your show, and I'm going to
         do it better than you ever DREAMED of doing it!

Niles walks out, and Frasier is happy — until Eddie scampers in
with the poultice in his teeth.  He drops it back onto Frasier's 
chest then scampers out again.  Frasier stares after him venomously.

FADE TO:

Scene Four — KACL
Roz and Niles are in Frasier's booth.  She is showing him around 
the control panel.

    Roz: [pointing] And here's the cough button in case you need to
         cough or clear your throat. [holds up a blue cart] And most
         important, here's an extra-long commercial to use if you need
         a bathroom break.
  Niles: Thank you, but those won't be necessary.  I have no cough
         reflex, and excellent bladder control.
    Roz: [sarcastically deadpan] It's true - all the good ones ARE
         married. [leaving for her booth] You're on in ten seconds 
         and your first caller is Marcia.
  Niles: Marcia... 

He places the headphones around his neck and sits down, covering the 
mike with his hand.  Clearing his throat, he tries out catchphrases. 

  Niles: "Hello, Marcia, I'm listening."  That is so trite.  "Hello, 
         Marcia, tell me where it hurts." No, no... "Hello, Marcia, 
         I hear you."  No...

Roz points to him.  Not understanding, he points back to her,
while continuing to mutter to himself.  Roz points at him again,
more urgently.  He still doesn't understand that he is on.

    Roz: [speaking into her mike] Good afternoon, Seattle!
  Niles: Oh, yes! [puts on his headphones] Hello!  This is Dr. Niles 
         Crane, filling in for my ailing brother, Dr. Frasier Crane.  
         Although I feel perfectly qualified to fill Frasier's radio 
         shoes, I should warn you that while Frasier is a Freudian, 
         I am a Jungian.  So there'll be no blaming Mother today. 

He is proud of himself for having gotten thus far, and doesn't
notice Roz sigh and sink back into her chair. 

  Niles: Ooh-kay, Roz, who's my first caller?
    Roz: We have Marcia on line three.  She's in love with her 
         husband's brother.
  Niles: This day promises not to disappoint. [jabs a button 
         professionally] Hello, Marcia.  "Let's get better!"

Pleased with himself, he gives Roz a "how's that?" shrug.
Surprised, she gives him a "hey, not bad" signal back.

Reset to: Frasier's bedroom.  He is listening to the radio as 
Daphne takes his temperature again, laughing at Niles's performance.

  Niles: [on radio] But before we get into the specifics of your 
         problem, why don't I give you a little historical background?  
         The psychiatrist Sigmar Bromnoh - that's B-R-O-M-N-O-H - in
         the late 1950s, wrote extensively on the problem you are 
         facing.  Which is all the more amazing when you realise that
         Bromnoh was a prominent Reichian, although...
Frasier: [gleefully] Listen to him!  He's terrible! 

He shuts off the radio.  Daphne removes the thermometer.

 Daphne: And, I'm afraid, so are you.  Your temperature's up to one
         hundred and three.
Frasier: Oh, it could go up to a hundred and five, I couldn't be 
         better!  My timeslot is safe.  Niles is as dry as this 
         toast you brought me - with the crust still on.  I'm 
         sure when I'm ready to go back, they'll send a limo!
 Daphne: Well, I'll just go get you another drink.  Was that last straw 
         bendy enough?
Frasier: Perfect, thank you. [she starts to leave] Oh Daphne, Daphne, 
         look. [points at a tissue box on the bed next to him] Here, 
         take these tissues away.  I, they hurt my nose.  I want that 
         kind with the little moisturizer droplet between the sheets.  
         And the rose petals in the humidifier - I think they're 
         starting to wilt.
 Daphne: Oh, of course.  Anything you like.  Fresh rose petals, 
         crust-less toast, soft tissues... [turning to leave,
         muttering bitterly] acupuncture needles where you least
         expect them...

End Of Act One (Time: 10:05)

Act Two. 

Scene One - KACL 
Niles is pacing the booth, with his jacket off and his shirtsleeves 
rolled up.  He is holding the mike and speaking animatedly into it.

  Niles: Howard, Lois, I could stay on the air counseling you all day,
         but — [glances at the clock] we're coming to the end of our
         hour, so I'm just going to cut to the quick.  If one of you 
         doesn't say, "I love you" right now - right now - frankly, 
         I don't see how you could have any kind of future together.  
         So, which of you has the courage to say, "I love you?"

In her booth, Roz is impressed; Niles has gotten pretty good.

   Lois: [v.o.] Howard... I love you.
  Niles: [thrilled] Yes!  Yes!  Howard, she loves you!  What about you? 
 Howard: [v.o.] I, uh...
  Niles: Howard?  Are you going to just pack up your emotional tent and
         walk away... Howard?  Howard, it's up to you!  Can you say 
         it?!  Can you?!
    Roz: [caught up in the excitement] Come on, Howard!  Come on,
         Howard!
 Howard: I... I love you too, Lois!
    Roz: YES!

SMASH CUT TO: Frasier's bedroom, where the three members of the 
Crane household are listening to Niles's triumphant broadcast.

Martin, in his chair by the bed, laughs.  Daphne happily jumps on 
Frasier's back — which she can do because Frasier is face-down on
the bed, writhing in envy.
 
 Daphne: He said it, he said it!
  Niles: [on radio] But I'm afraid we're going to have to interrupt
         this radio moment with a commercial... [Daphne turns off the 
         radio]
 Martin: Hey, Niles is pretty good!
Frasier: Good?   Good?!  The little rat is scintillating!  Oh, why 
         couldn't he just do what's expected of him for once and 
         stink?!  He's even better than Gil Chesterton!  Oh, God - 
         they're trying to make me look bad!
 Martin: Aw, geez.  This high temperature of yours is making you
         zooey.
Frasier: No!  No!  It's made me clear-headed.  I've gotta get down 
         there, go to that station, reclaim what's rightfully mine!  

He struggles out of bed, and to his feet.

Frasier: There'll be no more filling in by anybody!  No way, no how!
         No way, no...
 Martin: [stands] Frasier, you're not going anywhere.
Frasier: [facing off with his dad] Oh, who's going to stop me?
 Martin: I am.
Frasier: Oh, how are you - a man with a limp and a cane - going to stop
         a man in the prime of his life?

Martin pokes Frasier in the chest, and the latter falls pathetically
back onto the bed, groaning loudly.

 Martin: [over Frasier's whining] And I wasn't even leaning on my cane.
         Come on, Daphne.

He beckons to Daphne, and they both start walking out of the room.

 Daphne: Boy, he really is sick.
 Martin: Huh!  You want to talk sick?  1962, World's Fair.  The Tilt-A-
         Whirl was right next to the "Little Taste Of India"...

FADE TO:

I GO TO PIECES


Scene Two — KACL
Frasier is back doing his show, with Roz in her booth.

Frasier: As you know, I was out sick most of the week, and I'd like
         to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to
         Gil Chesterton and to my brother Niles for doing such a
         great job of filling in for me.

Oddly enough, Niles and Gil are both standing ominously at a half-
screened window behind Frasier.

Frasier: I really appreciate it, guys.

Turning to the window, he waves cheerily.  Both Niles and Gil lift 
their hands to return the wave at exactly the same time, looking 
decidedly sinister.

Frasier: Well Roz, now that I'm back to normal and feeling great,
         who's our first caller?
    Roz: We have Sonya from Auburn on line three.
Frasier: Let's just hear what Sonya has to say... 

He presses a button on his console.  BANG!  A bomb under his chair
explodes, vaporizing him.  Roz looks upwards, bewildered, as debris
rains down on Frasier's console.

SMASH CUT TO: Frasier's Bedroom
Frasier (still sick), wakes up screaming. 

Frasier: DAPHNE!  DAPHNE!

Daphne storms in, having almost reached her limit.

 Daphne: What is it this time?!
Frasier: I had a dream!  I had a dream!  They are plotting against me!
 Daphne: Oh, now now, Dr. Crane.  I thought we went over this already.
         It's just your fever talking!
Frasier: [suspiciously] Oh, that's just what you want me to think! 
         You're probably in league with Niles!  I know about the two 
         of you!  Oh, you pretend not to know, but you know! 

[N.B. Frasier almost blew Niles's secret right here!!!  In fact, 
Jane Leeves, who says she knows more about Daphne than the writers 
who created her, always maintained that Daphne has always been 
aware of Niles's feelings for her, but sublimates them out of 
feelings of inferiority. — Mike Lee]

Frasier grabs his prescription pad off the desk and starts scribbling
on it.

Frasier: I've gotta get back down there and take my show back!
 Daphne: But you can barely function!
Frasier: Yes, well, these prescriptions will take care of that 
         and more. [rips off a slip and passes it to her] Now 
         here, run down to the drugstore, post-haste!
 Daphne: [reading it] Syducane?!  This'll have you high as a kite!
Frasier: That's only until I take a couple of these! 

He rips off another slip and gives it to her.  As he climbs out of
bed, she reads it and her eyes widen.

[N.B. A play on the name of series writer Sy Dukane.]

 Daphne: Oh now, Dr. Crane, I really don't think you're in any shape...
Frasier: Thank you!  But the moment I give a fig for what you think
         is the day that England produces a great chef, a world-class
         bottle of wine, and a car that has a decent electrical
         system!

And for Daphne, that's the limit.

 Daphne: [furious] You know, being a health-care provider, I try to
         be sympathetic towards my patients.  But I have reached the
         end of my tether with you, Doctor!  You are by far the most
         ungrateful, disagreeable, self-centered, whiny fusspot I've
         ever had the misfortune of dealing with!  I've had patients
         on their deathbeds who were more considerate, and a damn
         sight more jolly too!  As far as I'm concerned, you can lay 
         in those sweaty sheets until you're one giant bedsore!
Frasier: Are you done?
 Daphne: [calming down somewhat] Yes.
Frasier: Then scurry on down to the drugstore and get those filled
         while I get dressed!

He turns toward his closet, as Daphne stalks out of the bedroom.

FADE TO:

RADIO DAZE


Scene Three - KACL
Outside the studio, Gil is talking to another employee.  Frasier 
walks in, unkempt and with a goofy smile on his face. 

    Gil: Oh, Frasier!  What a surprise to see you here today!
Frasier: Well, it's no wonder.  I've taken some wonder drugs, I feel
         wonderful! [laughs] So I'm going to go do my show now - so
         ta-ta, Pieman!

He pulls open the door and enters, as Gil looks confused and a 
little alarmed.  Inside the booth, Niles is talking.  Roz notices 
Frasier first.
 
  Niles: Thank you, Greta.  It's always satisfying to know I've
         changed someone's life. [sees Roz signaling and looks] 
         Oh, look who's just wandered into my booth, it's my 
         brother Frasier.
Frasier: Hello, Niles.  I've come to take back the reins of my show,
         so you can just scoot out of there. [Roz comes in]
  Niles: I think this might be a good time to go to a commercial.
         [tosses Roz the blue "extra-long" cart, she plugs it in]
         This is Dr. Niles Crane, "let's get better."

He goes to commercial, pulls off his headphones, and stands.

    Roz: [hesitantly] You OK, Frasier?  Your eyes look a little
         glassy.
Frasier: [dismissively] I'm fine!  It's just that the drugs I took
         have some minor slide effects...

He settles into his chair, as Roz and Niles trade an alarmed look.
Roz grabs his chair and wheels him to face her.

    Roz: Frasier, look at me.  Do you see trails when I do this? 

She splays her fingers and passes her hand repeatedly across his eyes.

Frasier: Whoa! [laughs] Ha!  It wasn't doing that before!

Niles holds Frasier's gaze steady by taking hold of his chin.

  Niles: Listen, you're not going on the air like this. [shakes
         a finger in Frasier's face] Stop it, stop... 

Niles realizes Frasier is bobbing his head in time with Niles's finger,
and holds Frasier's chin more tightly.

  Niles: This is what you're going to do.  You're going to bed, you're 
         going to get rest, and you're going to get rid of this fever, 
         so you can be as good as new.  "Let's get better!"  All right? 
         [removes his fingers] All right?
Frasier: [docilely, seeming appeased] All right... OK... 

He stands, Niles and Roz start to lead him out of the booth.

Frasier: Maybe... maybe the two of you could help me find someone 
         to drive me home?
    Roz: [opens the door] Oh, that's the most sensible thing you've 
         said so far, Frasier-

He shoves them both out the door and locks it. 

    Roz: [yelling] Frasier!  FRASIER!

She runs down the hall to her door even as Frasier rushes madly 
across his booth into hers.  He locks her door too, laughing 
wildly.

Frasier sits back down in his chair as he pulls the headphone on.
Roz and Niles look in helplessly after banging on the door a few
more times.

Frasier: Hello, Seattle, I'm back!  This is Dr. Frasier Crane. 
         I promise I  will never leave you again... so, let's 
         take our first caller. [presses a button] Hello, I'm 
         listening.
 Robert: [v.o.] Hi, Dr. Crane.  Thanks for taking my call.  
         I'm a little nervous, okay?  My name is Robert.
Frasier: And your name is?
 Robert: ...My name is Robert.
Frasier: Oh, I'm sorry.  We've already had a Robert on the show today.
         Goodbye!

He presses a button to disconnect Robert.  Outside the booth, 
Roz is on the office phone.

    Roz: Tony, it's Roz.  Could you get security up here?  Captain 
         Kirk's got control of the bridge and he's gone insane.

Inside the booth, Frasier is still on the air:

Frasier: Who is this?
 Janice: I'm Janice.
Frasier: Well, Janice, what's your problem?
 Janice: Well, I'm having a problem breaking through a barrier with
         my in-laws.
Frasier: Boring! 

He jabs another button and disconnects her, then picks up on another
line.


 Frasier: Hello!  You're on the crane with Frasier Air!
Marjorie: Hi, Dr. Crane.  This is Marjorie.  You see, I'm...
          I'm having a problem with my boss.  He doesn't seem to 
          respect me, and I don't have the courage to confront him.
 Frasier: OK, OK, Marjorie.  Well, let's, let's see... Let's do a
          little role-playing, OK?  Look, I'll be your boss, you be
          yourself, you be Marjorie... and uh - come on in and talk
          to me in a very forceful way.  Tell me what you think, and
          you just might be surprised by what happens!
Marjorie: Well, OK.  "Listen, Mr. Ross.  I've worked for this company
          for six years and I've never missed a day.  But you've
          constantly promoted people less qualified than I am, 
          and I don't think that's fair."

As she speaks, Frasier makes a shooing motion with his right hand
and presumably starts seeing trails again.  He keeps waving his hand
until she stops talking. 

 Frasier: "Well, Marjorie, I must say I admire your forthrightness,
          and uh... I wished more of my employees came and spoke to
          me with an open mind.  You know, you're going to get that
          promotion!"
Marjorie: Hey, that was great!
 Frasier: [excited] Yeah!  Wasn't it?  Wasn't it?  OK, it's my turn!
          I'm Marjorie and you're the boss now!  Come on!  Come on...

At this point, the door has been forced open and Niles comes in with
some uniformed security guards. 

  Niles: [gently] Frasier, these nice men are going to take your
         home.
Frasier: [in dazed confusion] I'm - I'm, I'm doing my show! [a guard
         takes the headphones off his ears] I can't!  I'm on the air!
    Roz: No, you're not.  We cut you off.  You're on commercial.
  Niles: Don't you worry your little mucous-filled head about
         anything.  Everything's under control.

The guards have been slowly pushing Frasier out of the booth in his
swivel chair.

Frasier: But it's my show, it's my booth... [exiting the door]
         Hey, this is fun!  Ha!  Make it go faster!  Whee!

As they wheel him out, Roz quickly shuts the door and checks the clock.

    Roz: [urgently] Five seconds, Niles! 

She rushes into her booth.  Niles puts on the headphones and 
Roz cues him by pointing.

  Niles: Hello!  This is Dr. Niles Crane again and no, we haven't
         taken leave of our senses.  That bit of inspired lunacy you
         heard just before the commercial was just a little docudrama 
         Frasier and I put together on the dangers of over-medication.

At this point, we see Frasier in the hallway behind the studio,
running wildly away as the guards chase him off the screen.
Concerned, Roz looks after him. 

  Niles: Bravo, Frasier, for so brilliantly demonstrating why they call
         it "dope!"

FADE TO:

Scene Four — Frasier's Bedroom
Frasier bolts awake, as he did earlier in the show, and starts yelling again. 

Frasier: [hysterically] Daphne!  Daphne!

Daphne throws open the door again.

 Daphne: Whaaat?
Frasier: I had another dream!  I dreamt I went down to the station all 
         doped-up and tried to take over my show and made a big fool 
         out of myself, and they-they dragged me out of there like a 
         lunatic in a butterfly net!
 Daphne: [comfortingly] Now, now, that was just a dream.  You 
         go back to sleep.  You'll feel better in the morning.

Soothed, he lays down again.

Frasier: Oh, Daphne.  Can I have a little lemonade?  With fresh 
         lemons and maybe a little sprig of mint?
 Daphne: [sweetly] Anything you want.

Frasier falls back onto his bed, asleep.  Martin is waiting in the 
doorway.

 Martin: Why'd you tell him it was a dream?
 Daphne: No fun telling him the truth now, when he's all doped up.  
         I'll wait till tomorrow morning - when he's good and lucid.

They laugh and exit.

End Of Act Two (Time: 22:00)

Credits: 

We see Frasier seated in his booth, talking very normally into
the mike.  He looks over toward Roz's booth, smiling, and the 
camera follows his gaze.  What we see seated there, on top of 
the console, is not Roz... but Eddie with the headphones on! 

Suddenly, we see Roz jerking awake, freaked out.  She looks 
around her warily, then, relieved, she puts her headphones 
back on. 

Act One. 

MY COFFEE WITH NILES


Scene One — Café Nervosa
It is a very busy day, and all the tables are occupied.  Niles is 
standing at the counter, speaking into his cellular phone.  He is 
giving directions to Maris.  Meanwhile, Frasier walks in.

  Niles: Calm down, dear.  No, calm down, listen, take a left, then
         the second right, then a left again.
Frasier: Is Maris lost again?
  Niles: Yes, she wandered into the kitchen by mistake.  I had to
         talk her back to the living room.  
Frasier: [looking round:] It's kinda busy, any chance of getting a
         table?
  Niles: Not at the moment.  The table by the window received their
         check five minutes ago but they have been sitting there
         yammering away every since.  I've been shooting them dirty
         looks, but they haven't budged.
Frasier: Show me the look. 

Niles pulls a one-eyebrow look in a strict sort of way. 

 Frasier: They're there for a while. 
   Niles: Meantime, shall we go ahead and order?
 Frasier: Oh why not? [to waitress:] What are your coffees today?
Waitress: Zimbabwe and Kenya. 
 Frasier: I'll have a Zimbabwe latte. 
   Niles: I'll have a Kenyan cappuccino. 
 Frasier: So, what's new?
   Niles: Well, Yoshi the gardener finally won the battle of the wills.  
          He got Maris to dig up her camellias so he could put in that 
          precious Zen garden that he's been hocking us about since 
          last fall.
 Frasier: How did that turn out?
   Niles: Oh, it's beautiful, it's the perfect place for meditation.
          Yesterday, I found Maris smack-dab in the middle sitting in
          the lotus position. 
 Frasier: Well good for her, apparently it's bringing out her
          spiritual side. 
   Niles: I'm not sure, she reading a Danielle Steel novel, making a
          nail appointment on her cellular phone. 
 Frasier: Do you realize that today marks a year since I moved here
          from Boston?
   Niles: Really?  A year!  It seems like yesterday dad moved in with
          you.
 Frasier: Isn't funny how two people can have distinct, opposite
          impressions of the same event? 
   Niles: [moving to the window seat:] They are both sitting there as
          if they own that table.  Maybe if we both gave them the
          look. 
 Frasier: It's worth a try. [They both stare at them, and they move.]
          Niles, I'll never doubt you again! [they give high fives]

However, by the time that Niles and Frasier have got their possessions 
from the counter, a couple have already seated themselves.  Niles and 
Frasier are angered by this.

  Niles: Try the look on this table, I'm going to the men's room. 

Niles leaves, whilst Frasier stares at a couple at their usual table.  

FADE OUT

Scene Two — Café Nervosa
However, they haven't budged a few minutes later when Niles
come back from the men's room with wet hands.

   Niles: Maddening!
 Frasier: What is it now?
   Niles: They have a new moisturizer dispenser in the men's room, and
          the cream is entirely too oily, so I had to rewash my hands, 
          and would you know it, that is when the hot-air hand dryer 
          decides to break down!
 Frasier: How do you get through the day?
Waitress: [bringing coffees:] Here we go, Zimbabwe and Kenyan.
 Frasier: [not pleased] Oh, excuse me, did I say decaf?
Waitress: No, you didn't.
 Frasier: Oh, I'm sorry.  If I drink the regular it'll keep me tossing
          and turning all through my brother's conversation. [she takes 
          it] Well Niles, it doesn't look like anybody is leaving, why 
          don't we take a table outside?  
   Niles: Why not, I'm feeling al fresco.
 Frasier: Oh, how does Mrs. Fresco feel about that? 

They chuckle away as they go to the outside seats.  They find a table 
and some chairs exactly in front of the entrance.  Frasier watches
Niles wipe down the seat meticulously.

Frasier: It must be a riot on camping trips!
  Niles: Would you like a...? 

He offers his handkerchief, Frasier refuses.  They both sit down. 

  Niles: So, Frasier, now that chapter two of your life is in 
         full swing, do you mind if I ask you something?
Frasier: No, go right ahead.
  Niles: Are you happy?

Frasier thinks.

  Niles: Did you hear the question?
Frasier: Yes, I'm thinking.  It's a seemingly complex question. 
  Niles: No, it's not.
Frasier: Yes, it is.
  Niles: No, it's not.  Either you're happy or you're not.
Frasier: Are you happy?
  Niles: No, but we're not talking about me. 
Frasier: Oh, let's not just gloss over that.  You, my only brother, 
         has just told me you're not happy and it pains me to hear
         that, so why?
  Niles: I was watching PBS the other night in my study and they
         were showing this documentary on the Great Depression.
         Vintage Steinbeck - desperately poor people escaping 
         the Dust Bowl, their meager possessions strapped to 
         rickety old trucks heading to what they thought was 
         their salvation.  Then there was this scene with this 
         scruffy boy being handed a brand-new pair of shoes by 
         the Salvation Army.  Frasier, if you saw the look on 
         that boy's face.  It was a look of pure and utter 
         happiness.  I have never experienced that kind of 
         happiness, not in my whole life.  Not even when I 
         bought these four hundred dollar Bruno Maglies. 
         [shows shoes off] Do you like them?
Frasier: Do you like them?
  Niles: What about the tassels?
Frasier: Well, I'm not much of a tassel guy.
  Niles: No, neither am I, nevertheless there they are. [thinks]
         Oh, I have no reason to be unhappy.  I have my health,
         have a wonderful home, a beautiful wife... did your 
         eyebrow just move?
Frasier: I don't think so. 
  Niles: I've got my practice.  Although, lately I've lost track of
         the ideals that led me to psychiatry in the first place. 
Frasier: Hmm, yes.
  Niles: Look who I'm talking to.  Psychiatry's answer to the drive-
         through window.  You know, sometimes I wonder if I'm not 
         just in psychiatry for the money.
Frasier: Oh, I wouldn't say that's true.  In a word... forget it.
  Niles: What were you going to say?
Frasier: I'd rather not.
  Niles: Well, there's no need, I think I know what you were getting 
         at.  You've been wanting to ask me this for years: did I
         marry Maris for the money? [Frasier nods] I resent that!
         I did not marry Maris for the money.  It was just a delightful
         bonus. 
Frasier: So, you really do love her?
  Niles: Of course I love her.  But it's a different kind of love.
Frasier: You mean it's not human?
  Niles: No, no, I mean it doesn't burn with the passion and 
         intensity of a Tristan and Isolde.  It's more comfortable, 
         more familiar.  Maris and I are old friends.  We can spend 
         an afternoon together - me at my jigsaw puzzle, she at her
         auto-harp - not a word spoken between us and be perfectly
         content. 
Frasier: I'm told it was a lot like that near the end in the Hitler
         household. 
  Niles: Oh fine, let's shift this subject back to where it belongs.  
         This whole thing started with me asking whether you were 
         happy.  And don't think about it this time, just answer.
Frasier: Aw, well...
    Roz: [coming over:] Hey, guys!
Frasier: Hi, Roz.
  Niles: Hello, Roz.  What are you doing here?
    Roz: Well, I always wanted to learn to fly a jet and today
         they're offering a special on jet flying lessons, so I
         thought I'd come by and take advantage of it. [Niles
         doesn't understand.] I came to get coffee!
  Niles: Well, thanks for stopping by, I'd have been mad if you didn't. 
    Roz: I'm also meeting someone here.
Frasier: Oh, let me guess, a man?
    Roz: Yes.
Frasier: [imitating:] Yes. 
    Roz: The new guy from the news department, Andy Winslow.  
         He's really cute.  He caught me checking him out when 
         he was bending over the water fountain. 
Frasier: Ah!  Love at first sight!
    Roz: Anyway, he said why don't we get some coffee and get to know 
         each other? [adding makeup:] I don't know Frasier, I've got a 
         strange feeling that this guy might be the one.
Frasier: Oh, Roz, honey, you say that about every guy you meet.
         Let's just see if this one calls back. 
    Roz: [takes Niles's serviette and uses it to wipe her lipstick.]
         Yeah.  I guess, you know, I don't think he's here yet.  I'll
         just go and snag a table. 
Frasier: Good Luck!
  Niles: Bye, Roz.
    Roz: Yeah. [leaves]
  Niles: I don't think she likes me.
Frasier: Niles, it isn't a question of liking or not liking.  
         She despises you! 
  Niles: Really?  Why should I warrant such strong emotions?  I barely
         acknowledge her existence.
Frasier: I think you may be onto something there, Sherlock!
  Niles: [looks into the café] She is comely, in a back-alley sort 
         of way.
Frasier: Roz, yes she's very attractive. 
  Niles: Do you ever think about you two, you know...
Frasier: Roz and me? [laughs] No! 
  Niles: You've never fantasized about stealing away to a cheap
         little motel with her?
Frasier: Oh well, I'm a normal man with normal urges.  She does have 
         a silk blouse that falls open a bit when she leans over the
         cart rack.  But mixing work with romance, I don't know, is it
         ever worth it?
  Niles: I don't know, you tell me.  You're the one who looked down
         her blouse!

The Waitress brings Frasier's second coffee.

Waitress: Decaf Zimbabwe Latte.
 Frasier: Is that non-fat milk?
Waitress: No. 
 Frasier: Oh, I hate to be a bother, it's just that I'm watching my
          fat intake. [she takes it away, then it begins to rain] 
   Niles: What is that?  Rain?
 Frasier: [sarcastically:] No, God is crying!
   Niles: I asked a simple question.
 Frasier: Do you ask any other kind?

Niles and Frasier walk in and see Roz, who has managed to get their
usual front row table.  They see a group moving near the bookcase, 
so they head over there, but a couple get to it first.  The people on
the window seat move so they dash over there.  A man is just about 
to get there, but Niles blocks him out of his way.  They finally sit
down.

Frasier: Good work there, Niles!
  Niles: I think I just wanted it a little more than he did. [looking
         out of the window:] Boy, it's really coming down. [Frasier
         looks out and begins laughing.] What?  What?
Frasier: Oh, just something that happened the other morning.  I asked
         dad to pass me a bran muffin.  You know what he said to me?
         He said, "What's the magic word?"
  Niles: You're kidding.
Frasier: He didn't think it was very amusing when I said "rest home!"
         [they both laugh]
  Niles: [sees Roz with a man] Oh look, look, that must be Roz's
         coffee companion.  Wow!  He's really handsome, isn't he?
Frasier: "Wow!"  Did you say "Wow?"
  Niles: Good lord, I did.  I've never said "Wow" when describing
         another man before.  I wonder if that means something. 
Frasier: Oh, absolutely. [sarcastic:] It means you're a gay man. 
         Your life with Maris was a charade and you should have 
         come out of the closet years ago.  Are you going to tell 
         dad or shall I? [laughs]

Meanwhile, a rather wet Daphne and Martin enter with Eddie by their
side.

  Martin: This was stupid, this whole thing was stupid, admit it.
  Daphne: It was not stupid!  You needed your exercise.  What was
          stupid was you came out without your bumbershoot!
  Martin: It's called an umbrella!  Speak English, can't you?
Waitress: [coming over:] I'm sorry, sir, no dogs allowed.
  Martin: [acts like a blind man:] What?
Waitress: Oh, I'm sorry. 
   Niles: It's okay, okay.
  Martin: [feels Niles's face:] Niles?
   Niles: Hello, dad.
 Frasier: So, dad, what are you two doing here?
  Daphne: Well, I thought we needed some exercise, and I had to come
          down here to pick up some beans anyway, so we walked.  Well,
          two of us walked.  One of us had to be dragged by his
          collar. 
  Martin: Hey, I told you I didn't want to come here in the first
          place.  Look at me, I'm going to die of pneumonia.
  Daphne: Oh, you'll outlive us all.  The cranky ones always do.
          [Niles goes to the counter with her.]
 Frasier: Dad, let's get you something hot to drink. [Frasier summons
          the waitress] Em, cappuccino, latte?
Waitress: [to Martin:] Can I help you?
  Martin: Coffee, black, and don't put anything fancy in it. 
Waitress: We have two special coffees. [Martin stares, bored] I'll
          surprise you. [leaves.]
 Frasier: [Eddie sits next to him] Oh, joy.  There's nothing like the
          smell of a wet dog to work up the appetite for supper!
  Martin: Look at us, we're soaked to the skin!
 Frasier: You're in a fine mood today!
  Martin: Ah, and by the way you left a mess in the kitchen.
 Frasier: I had a piece of toast!
  Martin: Yeah, and you didn't use a plate like I asked you too, and
          you put it in under the counter. [Niles sits down with his
          briefcase] And all because you left a bunch a crumbs and
          toast sweat there!
   Niles: Toast sweat?
 Frasier: Yes, yes, it's when you put a piece of hot toast on any
          surface, and it leaves droplets of dew behind.  Haven't you
          heard dad's lecture on the evils of toast sweat?  It's the
          scourge of our times.
Waitress: [with coffees:] One coffee, black. 

Martin, still pretending to be blind, reaches for the coffee.  The Waitress
guides his hand to it.

Waitress: And a decaf, non-fat, Zimbabwee Latte. 
 Frasier: Oh dear, is that cinnamon on that foam? 

She whisks it away again. 

Frasier: [to Martin:] Well you know, as long as we're picking at each 
         other's scabs here, I found another one of Eddie's chew toys 
         in my sweater cubby the other day, hairs all over my favorite 
         pullover.  I know he sleeps in there when I'm not home!
 Martin: It serves you right for keeping your sweaters in a place
         called "the cubby." 
Frasier: That's it, my bedroom is off limits to this fleabag.
 Martin: He's not a flea bag.
  Niles: Hey dad, how about those Mariners?
 Martin: Shut up, Niles.  Look, who's kidding here?  If my hip's good
         enough to get me down here, then maybe it's about time I
         found a place of my own.
  Niles: Where will you go?
 Martin: Oh, don't worry about me, I'll find a place.  I've got a
         little money saved up.  I never wanted to move in with you
         in the first place, and the last thing I want to do is... 
Frasier: [with him] ..."to be a burden to anybody."
 Martin: [to Niles:] That's your brother's smart-ass way of telling
         me he's heard this before.  Well, you won't have to hear it
         again, come on Eddie.  Tell Daphne to catch up with us, will
         you?
Frasier: Dad, please, we go through this little melodrama at least
         once a week.  Will you just sit down, it's raining outside.
 Martin: No, no.  I'll pay for coffee too, how much is it?
Frasier: A dollar-fifty.
 Martin: For coffee?  What kind of world are we living in?

Martin exits into the rain, whilst Frasier decides to take a visit
to the toilet. 

End of Act One (Time: 12:35)

Act Two. 

Later, Niles is at the counter where Daphne has just got her beans. 
Frasier comes back, also with wet hands.

  Niles: Frasier, are you alright?  You've been in there forever.
Frasier: Oh, I tried that damn hand cream, [wipes his hand on
         serviette] I was so oily I couldn't get a grip on the
         doorknob.  I awaited to be rescued, finally when some guy
         came in I said, "Oh God, am I glad to see you."  I can't
         even begin to describe the look he gave me. 

A man walks past Frasier, giving him an indescribable look. 

Frasier: There it is! 

Niles and Frasier heads to their seats, Daphne goes with them.

 Daphne: So, your brother tells me you and your father are at it
         again.
Frasier: Oh yeah, what's new?
 Daphne: I don't know what's wrong with him.  Lately, he's had a face
         as long as a wet weekend.  Yesterday, when I insisted he do
         his exercises, he told me to put my feet behind my head
         and spin like a top. [Niles begins to fantasize about
         this]
Frasier: Oh well, best thing to do, just ignore him when he gets
         sarcastic.  Isn't that right, Niles?  Niles? 
  Niles: [after coming out of the daydream] I'm sorry, Frasier.  For
         some reason I feel a little dizzy.
 Daphne: Well, I guess I better go after him.
  Niles: Oh, here. [hands her his umbrella] Take my bumbershoot.
 Daphne: Oh, isn't that nice.  Well, at least someone appreciates my
         mother tongue. [leaves]
  Niles: Yes, I've always had an ear for your tongue.
Frasier: Niles!
  Niles: What did I say?  Want another coffee?
Frasier: Not until I've had my first one, thanks! [Niles signals for
         another coffee] Why is it always so difficult between me
         and dad?
  Niles: Oh well, you might try looking at it from dad's point of
         view.  As a policeman in a position of authority and that's
         been taken away from him.  Wailing against the world is his
         way of controlling his ever-shrinking sphere of influence. 
Frasier: Yes I do empathize with him.  I just can't help wishing I
         could just kick that cane out from under him once in a
         while and that he would land on Eddie!
  Niles: Well, the simple truth is, it's hard.  I know you're trying! 
Frasier: I am!  And you know, sometimes I do see the fruits of my
         labor.  You know, just the other night dad was watching TV
         and I had fallen asleep on the couch and suddenly I
         stirred, I felt something on my head, and dad was standing
         above me stroking my hair.
  Niles: Dad?!  Did he say anything?
Frasier: Well, he said, "don't think it's time you got a hair cut,
         you're starting to look like bozo!"  I know he was only
         covering though.  But what do you think?
  Niles: Probably wouldn't hurt to get a trim!
Frasier: No!  Do you think he was covering?
  Niles: Of course he was covering, you know dad!  Tough as nails on
         the outside, but on the inside one giant... spike. 

The Waitress brings him his coffee.] 

   Niles: Grazie.
 Frasier: Excuse me, but what about mine?
Waitress: We've got a team of specialists working on it. [leaves]
 Frasier: Look, why don't we just change the subject from dad, and
          talk about something else.
   Niles: Absolutely, pick a new topic.  Something light and frothy.
 Frasier: I agree.  Are you in love with Daphne? 

Niles does a spit-take. 

Frasier: That's a little frothier than I had in mind!
  Niles: That preposterous!  I refuse to dignify that question with an
         answer. 

Frasier stares at him. 

  Niles: I don't know!  There, I said it.  There, are you happy?  
         Oh, why did you have to hire Venus herself?  Couldn't you 
         have found some beefy, East-European scrub woman who reeked 
         of ammonia?
Frasier: Well, I asked, but it was an Olympic year.  The agency was
         fresh out. 
  Niles: Frasier, I can't get her out of my mind.  When I look at
         Daphne she stirs a passion in me I've never known before. 
Frasier: Niles, you're not considering leaving Maris?
  Niles: Certainly not! 
Frasier: Well, I suppose the situation you're in is that you'd like
         to stay with Maris but you'd like an affair with Daphne.
  Niles: Yes.  Can I do that?
Frasier: No, you can't!
  Niles: I thought that I couldn't but you got my hopes up there for
         a minute.  Oh, it's easy for you.  You're free, you're happy -
         although perhaps I'm getting ahead of myself there, you
         haven't answered that question yet.
Frasier: Oh, I haven't answered it, have I?
  Niles: You haven't and I'm getting curious.  Are you happy?
Frasier: Well, I guess the best way I can think of saying it is...
    Roz: [coming over:] This sucks! 
Frasier: What's the matter?
    Roz: You sit down with someone and have a cup of coffee and
         think that they might just might lead you to something,
         like a life!  Suddenly the trap door opens and you're 
         right back in Roz's world!
  Niles: How did it go wrong so quickly?
    Roz: Hmm, simple.  He didn't want to date me.  He wanted to
         convert me!  I don't have anything against religious people.
         I don't care if they're Jewish, or Jehovah Witness or
         Buddhist.  I am ecumenical, I embrace men of all faiths! 
Frasier: If only it stopped there!
    Roz: But he pretended he was going to ask me out, isn't there a
         Commandment against that?
  Niles: No, they didn't get into dating until the New Testament.
Frasier: Oh, I'm sorry Roz, why don't you join us? 
    Roz: No, no thank you.  There's a cute new handyman in my building.  
         I thought I'd just go home, slip into a negligée and rip out 
         my faucet. [leaves]
Frasier: You think she's kidding, don't you?  You know, I think about
         Roz's life and it makes me wonder about my own.  I haven't
         been exactly burning up the social scene lately.
  Niles: You'll find somebody.
Frasier: But what if I don't?  What if I end up old and alone?  
         I just might have to buy a funny little dog and move in 
         With Frederick.  I guess I don't need to worry about that 
         for a while.
  Niles: No, Frederick should start worrying about it.  In the 
         meantime, you might want to answer my ever-more-tedious 
         original question.  Are you happy?
Frasier: Well, I guess I'd have to say...
 Martin: [entering with Eddie:] Hello, boys. 
  Niles: Oh, for Pete's sake!
Frasier: Hello dad, what are you doing back here?
 Martin: I don't know.  I've been acting like a jerk these past couple 
         of days, and I've been taking it out on you and Daphne.  You 
         know all that stuff I said earlier?  Just forget about it.
Frasier: I already have. 
 Martin: Come on, boy.
Frasier: Dad, dad, listen.  Has something been bothering you these
         past few days?
 Martin: No, not really, no.
Frasier: Come on, say it.
 Martin: Okay.  Last Sunday was my birthday. 

Niles and Frasier are both mortified.  Niles tries to cover.

  Niles: Of course it was!  Frasier and I were planning a big surprise
         party.  But, if we threw it on your birthday it wouldn't
         have been a surprise, thus we waited a week.  So, surprise!

Martin doesn't buy and Frasier just stares at Niles. 

  Niles: Oh, if you could just see the look on your face...
Frasier: Just give it up, Niles!  Dad, I'm sorry.  Listen, come and
         have a seat.
 Martin: You know, I don't know why I let it bother me.  All those 
         years on the force, I missed enough of you boys' birthdays.  
         You're entitled to miss one of mine. 
Frasier: You know what, there's no reason to stop us celebrating
         anyway.  Tonight, we'll take you out for dinner.
 Martin: You don't need to do that!
  Niles: Absolutely, absolutely, you name the place.
 Martin: OK, how about Hoppy's Old Heidleberg? 

The boys pretend it's wonderful. 

 Martin: They were voted best bratwurst of all time for three years 
         in a row.
Frasier: Ach du lieber! [they laugh]
 Daphne: [walking in:] There you are.  I've been up and down Third
         Street looking for you. 
 Martin: Oh, I was on Fourth Street, Eddie had already smelled
         everything on Third.  How did you know I was coming back
         here anyway?
 Daphne: I had one of my psychic flashes.  Bang! - there you were,
         walking through the door of Café Nervosa.  And there you
         were, apologizing for the way you've treated me this past
         week. 
 Martin: Yeah, I'm sorry about that, Daphne.  Just forget about it,
         alright?
 Daphne: And something about a raise. [looks to Frasier]
 Martin: You're winging it now, aren't you?
 Daphne: Am I that transparent?
 Martin: No, I'm psychic.  Come on, we've gotta hurry up because the
         boys are taking us to Hoppy's Old Heidleberg tonight for 
         dinner!
 Daphne: Oh great, German food.  We whipped the Jerries twice this 
         century and they still have the last laugh. [leaves]
Frasier: You know, dad I'd give you a ride, but I've got to stop by
         the station first.
 Martin: Nah.
  Niles: No, that's okay, I'll give him a lift. 
Frasier: Ah.
  Niles: Frasier, as always I've enjoyed getting together with you
         for coffee.
 Martin: What do you guys talk about all the time? 
  Niles: Oh, you know - sports, chicks, monster truck rallies...
 Martin: Okay, don't tell me.

Niles and Martin leave, Frasier awaits his decaf, non-fat milk,
non-cinammon foam Zimbabwe Latte alone.  The waitress arrives, with
yet another cup of coffee.

Waitress: Zimbabwe, decaf, non-fat milk, no cinnamon in sight.
          Now - ARE YOU HAPPY?
 Frasier: [answering Niles's question:] You know, in the greater
          scheme... yes, I'd say I am. 

He tastes his coffee.  Fade out.

End of Act Two. (Time: 22:10)

Credits:

It seems that Frasier was indeed answering Niles's question, as it
seems the coffee still isn't perfect.  He signals the waitress over 
to his table, who pulls the coffee away before he manages to utter 
a word.


